.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

=================
TYPO3 Exception 1
=================

typo3 4.6.0
===========

I get this error when switching to Web>Template.

::

   Oops, an error occurred!

   PHP Catchable Fatal Error: Argument 2 passed to t3lib_div::array_merge_recursive_overrule() 
   must be an array, null given, called in /home/typo3_src/typo3_src-4.6.0/typo3/sysext/lang/lang.php 
   on line 554 and defined in /home/typo3_src/typo3_src-4.6.0/t3lib/class.t3lib_div.php line 1867

-  Read the Ticket for this `Bug
   #31353 <https://forge.typo3.org/issues/31353>`__.
-  If you speak German, this `post at
   typo3.net/forum <http://www.typo3.net/forum/beitraege/sonstiges-1/107943/>`__
   could help.

TYPO3 4.6.8
===========

After a Debian upgrade (apt-get dist-upgrade) the suhosin.so can not be
loaded

The page with the contact form says: "Oops, an error occurred."

apt-get install php5-suhosin shows a broken dependency.

solution is to drop suhosin.so from apache2 dpkg -P php5-suhosin

typo3 4.7.10
============

Suddenly got this error when logging on to the next.

::

   Oops, an error occurred!

   PHP Catchable Fatal Error: Argument 1 passed to t3lib_div::array_merge_recursive_overrule()
   must be of the type array, null given, called in /public_html/typo3conf/ext/dam/lib/class.tx_dam_db.php
   on line 376 and defined in /public_html/typo3_src-4.7.14/t3lib/class.t3lib_div.php line 1862

-  Read the Ticket for this `Bug
   #31353 <https://forge.typo3.org/issues/31353>`__ and `as advised
   above <http://www.typo3.net/forum/thematik/zeige/thema/107943/seite/2/?show=1&cHash=a1bcb079cea5fd9fee872ce737f9f544>`__.

Solution
--------

In localconf.php do the settings for the output errors:

$TYPO3_CONF_VARS['SYS']['displayErrors'] = '2';
$TYPO3_CONF_VARS['SYS']['devIPmask'] = '123.456.789.123';
//$TYPO3_CONF_VARS['SYS']['devIPmask'] = '*';
$TYPO3_CONF_VARS['SYS']['errorHandler'] = 't3lib_error_ErrorHandler';
$TYPO3_CONF_VARS['SYS']['systemLogLevel'] = '2';

then found that in my case, the error was in the file
lang/locallang_login.xlf . More precisely - the replacement for my
localization: typo3conf/l10n/ru/lang/ru.locallang_login.xlf - just
rename the folder typo3conf/l10n/ru/lang/ and cleared the temporary
files in the typo3temp. After that, the error disappeared and the site
is working again (but without localization :)

None - please edit if you found a solution!

typo3 4.7.17
============

-  Login to Backend was not possible.
-  Error occured after changing PHP Binaries (not PHP Version) from 5.4
   (Mac OS X Mavericks default Binaries) to 5.4 (Binaries from
   http://php-osx.liip.ch/).

::

   #1: PHP Catchable Fatal Error: 
   Argument 1 passed to t3lib_div::array_merge_recursive_overrule() 
   must be an array, null given, called in 
   /path/to/documentRoot/typo3/sysext/lang/lang.php on line 529 
   and defined in 
   /path/to/documentRoot/t3lib/class.t3lib_div.php line 1862

.. _solution-1:

Solution
--------

Delete content of /typo3temp folder.
http://www.typo3forum.net/forum/typo3-4-x-backend/56543-kein-login-fatal-error-typo3-4-7-1-a.html#post187281
[not available anymore]

typo3 4.7.14
============

I get this error when uploading files with DAM 1.3.2 for a user that
does not have admin rights.

::

   Oops, an error occurred!

   PHP Catchable Fatal Error: Argument 1 passed to t3lib_div::array_merge_recursive_overrule()
   must be of the type array, null given, called in /public_html/typo3conf/ext/dam/lib/class.tx_dam_db.php
   on line 376 and defined in /public_html/typo3_src-4.7.14/t3lib/class.t3lib_div.php line 1862

-  Read the Ticket for this `Bug
   #51969 <https://forge.typo3.org/issues/51969>`__ and `Bug
   #52296 <https://forge.typo3.org/issues/52296>`__.

.. _solution-2:

Solution
--------

Downgrade to DAM 1.3.1
`dam <https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/dam/>`__

Update 2013/11/21 Bug is on typo3.forge
https://forge.typo3.org/issues/51969 Patch is here :
https://review.typo3.org/#/c/23848/ Tested, working...

typo3 6.1.0
===========

indexed search
--------------

I get this error after installing `indexed
search </De:Indexed_search>`__ [deprecated wiki link].

::

   Oops, an error occurred!

   PHP Catchable Fatal Error: Argument 2 passed to TYPO3\CMS\Form\Controller\FormController::cObjGetSingleExt() 
   must be an array, null given, called in 
   /var/www/vhosts/typo3_cores/typo3_src-6.1.0alpha1/typo3/sysext/frontend/Classes/ContentObject/ContentObjectRenderer.php 
   on line 730 and defined in 
   /var/www/vhosts/typo3_cores/typo3_src-6.1.0alpha1/typo3/sysext/form/Classes/Controller/FormController.php line 93

.. _solution-3:

Solution
^^^^^^^^

After uninstalling extension `system extension
form <https://forge.typo3.org/projects/typo3v4-form>`__ it works

solr_report
-----------

**TO COME HERE WE DID:**

6. Check the status report in the reports module The reports module has
a Solr section in the status report. It will complain about different
aspects and give hints to solve them. Most of the time the reasons can
be found in different aspects like:

The Solr Server can not be reached. Firewall. DNS. PHP Modules. SELinux
and the likes can be reasons for this You are using the wrong schema.xml
that is not supported to work with the installed extension. ... If
everything is ok, it should look like this:

**WE GOT ERROR MESSAGE:**

Uncaught TYPO3 Exception

#. PHP Catchable Fatal Error: Argument 1 passed to
   tx_solr_report_IndexReport::__construct() must be an instance of
   tx_reports_Module, instance of
   TYPO3\CMS\Reports\Controller\ReportController given in
   /.../typo3conf/ext/solr/report/class.tx_solr_report_indexreport.php
   line 47 (More information)
#. TYPO3\CMS\Core\Error\Exception thrown in file
   /.../typo3_src-6.1.0/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Error/ErrorHandler.php
   in line 108.

**TYPO3 / PHP VERSION**

#. CONST: php_sapi_name: cgi-fcgi
#. OTHER: TYPO3_VERSION: 6.1.0
#. OTHER: PHP_VERSION : 5.3.3-7+squeeze15

.. _solution-4:

Solution
^^^^^^^^

typo3 6.2.0
===========

when clicking on Page - rootpage - create content element using flux /
fluidpages / fluidcontent

typo3_src-6.2.0/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Database/PreparedStatement.php
line 311

| 
| -

I got this error after upgrading from 6.1.7 to 6.2.0. occures when the
gridelements extension is installed tested with gridelements v2.0.2 and
gridelements v3.0.0-dev https://forge.typo3.org/issues/57833

.. _solution-5:

Solution
--------

Download the news versions from GIT of "view"
https://github.com/FluidTYPO3/view [not available anymore]

unfortunately only working partly:
typo3_src-6.2.0/typo3/sysext/lang/Classes/LanguageService.php line 250

.. _solution-6:

Solution
--------

None please post if you have found one! THX

form
----

When submitting a very basic form

.. _solution-7:

Solution
--------

none, please add

TYPO3 6.2.2
===========

PHP Warning: touch(): Unable to create file /user_upload/news/aAbB
------------------------------------------------------------------

::

   Uncaught TYPO3 Exception
   #1: PHP Warning: touch(): Unable to create file /user_upload/news/aAbB because No such file or directory in typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Resource/StorageRepository.php line 263 (More information)

   TYPO3\CMS\Core\Error\Exception thrown in file
   typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Error/ErrorHandler.php in line 111.

Reproduction:

#. have 6.2.0 on your system
#. install tool: Important actions: check for core updates
#. accept the upgrade to 6.2.2
#. repair folders using Folder Structure
#. click Upgrade Wizard
#. click Execute under "Migrate existing filemounts to be file
   abstraction layer compatible."
#. click "Perform updates!"

Error source code with line#263 = error line:

::

   typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Resource/StorageRepository.php:
   00261:   // create test file
   00262:   if (!$testFileExists) {
   00263:    touch($path);
   00264:   }
   00265: 

No solution found yet

sav_library_kickstarter
-----------------------

::

   #1: PHP Warning: Invalid argument supplied for foreach() in /var/www/.../typo3conf/ext/sav_library_kickstarter/Classes/ViewHelpers/BuildOptionsForViewSelectorboxViewHelper.php line 42

temporarily solved by adding "if (is_array($views))" to the foreach
statement.

tx_cal
------

::

   #1: PHP Warning: array_merge(): Argument #2 is not an array in D:\htdocs\typo3_src-6.2.0\typo3conf\ext\cal\service\class.tx_cal_event_service.php line 253

::

   TYPO3\CMS\Core\Error\Exception thrown in file D:\htdocs\typo3_src-6.2.2\typo3\sysext\core\Classes\Error\ErrorHandler.php in line 111.

::

   41 TYPO3\CMS\Core\Error\ErrorHandler::handleError(2, "array_merge(): Argument #2 is not an array", "D:\htdocs\typo3_src-6.2.0\typo3conf\ext\cal\service\class.tx_cal_event_service.php", 253, array)

::

   40 array_merge(array, boolean)

Calling the preview or workspace preview, this typo3 exception appears!

TYPO 6.2.3
==========

::

   #1: PHP Warning: Illegal string offset 'uid' in /volume1/web/cms/typo3_src/typo3/sysext/frontend/Classes/Controller/TypoScriptFrontendController.php line 1281

At 1st initial start of this page on a day, after realod [e.g. pressing
F5] this message disapears, and page runs fine...

TYPO3 6.2.4
===========

::

   #1: PHP Warning: fread(): Length parameter must be greater than 0 in /var/www/typo3_src-6.2.4/typo3/sysext/impexp/Classes/ImportExport.php line 3042

Error description
-----------------

This error occurs when exporting content to .t3d (all tables) from TYPO3
4.5.35 and importing this .t3d into TYPO3 6.2.4. The problem comes from
typo3_src/typo3/sysext/impexp/Classes/ImportExport.php line 3009

::

   3009        $this->dat['files_fal'] = $this->getNextFilePart($fd, 1, 'files_fal');

Fal was not present in TYPO3 4.5.35 export, so $initStr was always
empty, when executing
typo3_src/typo3/sysext/impexp/Classes/ImportExport.php line 3042.

.. _solution-8:

Solution
--------

This bugfix did it for me:

::

   3039                 $initStrDat = explode(':', $initStr);
   3040
   3041                 // fix to prevent error on t3d export, when exported from system without having fal installed.
   3042                 if($name === 'files_fal' && empty($initStr)) {
   3043                         return('');
   3044                 }
   3045
   3046                 if (strstr($initStrDat[0], 'Warning') == FALSE) {

::

   #1: PHP Warning: Illegal string offset 'uid' in D:\___WWW___\_typo3\_PROJECTS\work_6.2.3\typo3\sysext\frontend\Classes\Controller\TypoScriptFrontendController.php line 1281

   Last trace:
   3 TYPO3\CMS\Core\Error\ErrorHandler::handleError(2, "Illegal string offset 'uid'", "...\typo3\sys…lasses\Controller\TypoScriptFrontendController.php", 1281, array)

.. _solution-9:

Solution
--------

At 1st initial start of this page after clearing the cache, after reload
[e.g. pressing F5] this message disappears, and page runs fine...
--`David bruchmann </User:David_bruchmann>`__ [deprecated wiki link]
(`talk </wiki/index.php?title=User_talk:David_bruchmann&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]) 02:03, 27 August 2014 (CEST)

.. _typo3-6.2.4-1:

TYPO3 6.2.4
===========

::

   #1: PHP Catchable Fatal Error: Argument 1 passed to TYPO3\CMS\Backend\View\PageLayoutView::generateTtContentDataArray() must be an array, null given,
   called in /var/www/typo3/sysext/backend/Classes/View/PageLayoutView.php on line 475
   and defined in /var/www/typo3/sysext/backend/Classes/View/PageLayoutView.php line 1866

.. _error-description-1:

Error description
-----------------

This error occurs when opening a Folder while in Page-Module, but only
if the Folder has a Backend Layout configured with no columns. This was
only possible until at least 4.7

.. _solution-1-1:

Solution 1
----------

Got to the List Module and switch the Folder back to Standard, change
the Backend Layout and switch back.

.. _solution-2-1:

Solution 2
----------

Edit your empty Backend Layout: Insert a colPos

TYPO3 6.2.14
============

::

   #1: PHP Warning: class_parents(): object or string expected in /srv/www/typo3/typo3_src-6.2.14/typo3/sysext/extbase/Classes/Persistence/Generic/Mapper/DataMapper.php line 221
   TYPO3\CMS\Core\Error\Exception thrown in file
   /srv/www/typo3/typo3_src-6.2.14/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Error/ErrorHandler.php in line 101.

For background information see `Ticket
#56603 <https://forge.typo3.org/issues/56603>`__.

.. _solution-1-2:

Solution 1
----------

Log into Backend, clear Cache

.. _solution-2-2:

Solution 2
----------

truncate all tables **cf_xxx_xxxx**

TYPO3 6.2.14: Argument 1 must implement ObjectManagerInterface
==============================================================

::

   #1: PHP Catchable Fatal Error: Argument 1 passed to TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Persistence\Repository::__construct() must implement interface TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Object\ObjectManagerInterface, none given

.. _solution-1-3:

Solution 1
----------

You are trying to instantiate a Repository by calling
``GeneralUtility::makeInstance('MyExtension\MyRepository')``.

Do not instantiate **Extbase** classes by using
``GeneralUtility::makeInstance`` but use the **objectmanager** instead -
either by injecting the repository or at least by using
``GeneralUtility::makeInstance`` to get the objectmanager instance and
using ``$objectManager->get('MyExtension\MyRepository')``:

.. container::

   `PHP Script </wiki/Help:Contents#Syntax-Highlighting_for_PHP-Code>`__
   [deprecated wiki link]

.. container::

   ::

      class MyController extends \TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Mvc\Controller\ActionController
      {
          public function fooAction()
          {
              $repo = $this->objectManager->get(MyRepository::class);
              $item = $repo->findByUid(1);
          }
      }

TYPO3 6.2.15: Argument 1 passed to TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Property\PropertyMappingConfiguration::setTypeConverter() must implement interface TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Property\TypeConverterInterface, string given
=======================================================================================================================================================================================================

In the case you would like to implement your own TypeConverter, you need
to call setTypeConverter() method, located in
TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Property\PropertyMappingConfiguration, line 389.

This method expects a
\\TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Property\TypeConverterInterface as argument, which
is simply done by calling a new instance of your TypeConverter:

::

    $this->arguments['Model']
                   ->getPropertyMappingConfiguration()
                   ->forProperty('property')
                   ->setTypeConverter(new \<vendor>\<extension>\Property\TypeConverter\<myConverter>())

**Note**: Replace

::

   <vendor>

by your Vendor name, and

::

   <extension>

| by you extension name. This is kind of standard here but that's up to
  you.
| **Note 2**: Replace

::

   <myConverter>

by the name of your converter.

| 
| The solution to this error is very obvious but it's better written
  than not.

TYPO3 6.2.18: tx_news:newsadministration: Division by zero in PaginateController
================================================================================

::

   #1: PHP Warning: Division by zero in /srv/typo3/typo3_src-6.2.18/typo3/sysext/fluid/Classes/ViewHelpers/Be/Widget/Controller/PaginateController.php line 65

TYPO3 7.5
=========

::

   #1: PHP Catchable Fatal Error: Argument 2 passed to FluidTYPO3\Flux\UserFunction\HtmlOutput::renderField() must be an instance of TYPO3\CMS\Backend\Form\FormEngine, instance of TYPO3\CMS\Backend\Form\Element\UserElement given in /home/seethrou/public_html/new7/typo3conf/ext/flux/Classes/UserFunction/HtmlOutput.php line 26

Getting this error in page view when trying to edited an element
carousel from the Fluid Bootstrap Theme (fluidbootstraptheme)

TYPO3 7.6
=========

::

   #1: PHP Runtime Deprecation Notice: Non-static method TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Configuration\FrontendConfigurationManager::getTypoScriptSetup() should not be called statically, assuming $this from incompatible context in ...

--------------

I get the following error in the pagemodul with pages containe
gridelements (7.0.0-dev) after installing von MFC-canonical 2.1.0:

::

   #1: PHP Warning: Invalid argument supplied for foreach() in D:\...\Source\web\typo3conf\ext\gridelements\Classes\Hooks\DrawItem.php line 95 (More information)

--------------

If you get this error:

::

   PHP Warning:: igbinary_unserialize_header: unsupported version: "a:2:"..., should begin with a binary version header of "\x00\x00\x00\x01" or "\x00\x00\x00\x02"

Just delete your caches. If you can't login to your backend, delete them
from the install tool.

--------------

TYPO3 7.6.5
===========

After Login the following error is shown (7.6.5):

::

   PHP Catchable Fatal Error: Argument 1 passed to TYPO3\CMS\Core\Resource\ResourceStorage::getFileForLocalProcessing() must implement interface TYPO3\CMS\Core\Resource\FileInterface, null given, called in .../typo3_src-7.6.5/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Resource/Processing/LocalImageProcessor.php on line 118 and defined in.../typo3_src-7.6.5/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Resource/ResourceStorage.php line 1337

In 7.6.5 and 8.0 there is an issue when a sys_file_processed file record
is deleted but the processed file is still present
https://review.typo3.org/#/c/47783/ . To temporary work arround the
issue you can delete (if known) the specific processed file in
fileadmin/_processed\_ folder or delete the complete \_processed\_
folder (files will get generated automatically).

This regression will be fixed in 7.6.6:
https://review.typo3.org/#/c/47783/

TYPO3 7.6.10
============

Scheduler results in this error. When scheduler sends mail, this is the
content of the mail

::

   PHP Warning: array_shift() expects parameter 1 to be array, null given in
   typo3_src-7.6.10/vendor/symfony/console/Input/ArgvInput.php line 61
   More information regarding this error might be available https://typo3.org/go/exception/CMS/1 [deprecated wiki link]

indexed_search
--------------

`Indexing
configuration <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/indexed_search/latest/IndexingConfigurations/Index.html>`__
missing:

::

   PHP Warning: Invalid argument supplied for foreach() in
   typo3_src/typo3/sysext/indexed_search/Classes/Hook/CrawlerHook.php line 740

TYPO3 7.6.16
============

Deprecation Notice: mysql_connect()
-----------------------------------

PHP Runtime Deprecation Notice: mysql_connect(): The mysql extension is
deprecated and will be removed in the future: use mysqli or PDO instead
in
/usr/share/typo3/typo3_src-7.6.16/typo3/sysext/adodb/adodb/drivers/adodb-mysql.inc.php
line 462 (More information)

TYPO3\CMS\Core\Error\Exception thrown in file
/usr/share/typo3/typo3_src-7.6.16/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Error/ErrorHandler.php
in line 111.

.. _solution-10:

Solution
^^^^^^^^

Change mysql to mysqli when calling adodb
http://adodb.org/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=v5:database:mysql

php version: PHP 5.6.30-1~dotdeb+7.1 (cli) (built: Jan 21 2017 14:50:59)

ReflectionProperty::getValue()
------------------------------

#. 1: PHP Warning: ReflectionProperty::getValue(): Couldn't fetch
   mysqli_result in
   /usr/share/typo3/typo3_src-7.6.16/typo3/sysext/extbase/Classes/Utility/DebuggerUtility.php
   line 349 (More information)

This happens when i use
\\TYPO3\CMS\Core\Utility\DebugUtility::debug($GLOBALS,'GLOBALS');

For some reason the connection to the database fails.

Warning: phpinfo() has been disabled
------------------------------------

Eception occurs in Install Tool > System environment

**Uncaught TYPO3 Exception** PHP Warning: phpinfo() has been disabled
for security reasons in
/var/www/[...]/vendor/typo3/cms/typo3/sysext/install/Classes/ViewHelpers/PhpInfoViewHelper.php
line 73

.. _solution-11:

Solution
^^^^^^^^

Yet unknown.
