.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1203699034
==========================

.. note::
If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
<docs-contribute-github-method>`!

::

   #1203699034: A cache with identifier "IDENTIFIER" does not exist. 

Solution
========

Most likely you did not clear cache. You will not be able to do this
from backend any more. Instead you have to remove all cache files from
your instance manually.

For 4.x: Remove all ``typo3conf/temp_*`` files. For 6.x: Remove
``typo3temp/Cache/*`` folders.

--------------

If this does not help, add the following lines to you
``typo3conf/localconf.php`` file.

.. container::

   `PHP
   Script <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/Help:Contents#Syntax-Highlighting_for_PHP-Code>`__
   [deprecated wiki link]

.. container::

   ::

      if (!is_array($TYPO3_CONF_VARS['SYS']['caching']['cacheConfigurations']['IDENTIFIER'])) {
          $TYPO3_CONF_VARS['SYS']['caching']['cacheConfigurations']['IDENTIFIER'] = array();
      }

See
`Caching_framework#How_to_use_the_caching_framework_in_extensions <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=Caching_framework&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[not available anymore] for more information.

--------------

This issue can also occur when you run a code from the Install Tool
(e.g. when using upgrade wizard) context and the cache 'IDENTIFIER' is
defined in a 3rd party extension. Install tool doesn't load all
extensions configuration, thus custom cache definition is not available.
Try calling the upgrade wizard from CLI

::

   ./typo3cms upgrade:wizard --identifier=DatabaseRowsUpdateWizard

--------------

In current versions of TYPO3 the Caching Framework is installed by
default.

This Exception may appear if you just upgraded your TYPO3 Core and have
not removed the cache files in typo3conf.

To do so simply remove these files go to your TYPO3 Installation and in
the shell type rm typo3conf/temp_CACHED_\* and reload the page.
