.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1225709595
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

Exception message:

   #1225709595: The Fluid template files "" could not be loaded.

   TYPO3Fluid\Fluid\View\Exception\InvalidTemplateResourceException
   thrown in file

   /var/www/site/htdocs/typo3_src/vendor/typo3fluid/fluid/src/View/TemplatePaths.php
   in line 730.

TYPO3 10+
=========

I also believe this solution might work for most user of TYPO3 6+,
though only tested with version 10.4.5.

Solution 1
----------

If you're using a standalone view, be sure to set the controller
context. You can then adjust it to your taste if you want to. But at
least set it for the view to work properly. Including your controller
context will also cure most of your standalone view problems. The
controller context already exists in your controller in the
$this->controllerContext class field (others call it class property).
All you have to do is include it in the
*$standaloneView->setControllerContext()* method like so,

| 
| $standaloneView = GeneralUtility::makeInstance(StandaloneView::class);

$standaloneView->setControllerContext($this->controllerContext);

$standaloneView->setTemplatePathAndFilename('EXT:myextention/Resources/Private/Templates/'
. $this->template);

$standaloneView->assignMultiple($this->settings);

...

Solution 2
----------

If you are running your view away from the Controllers, then make sure
to fill in *fillDefaultsByPackageName* with your extension key:

| 
| $standaloneView = GeneralUtility::makeInstance(StandaloneView::class);

$standaloneView->getTemplatePaths()->fillDefaultsByPackageName('myextension');

$standaloneView->setTemplatePathAndFilename('EXT:myextention/Resources/Private/Templates/'
. $this->template); ...

error message
=============

#. 1225709595: The template files
   ".../typo3conf/ext/blsvsa2013/Resources/Private/Partials/Model/Template.html"
   could not be loaded.

solution
========

check if the template file exist.

If you set the format of our view manually in the controller like this:
$this->request->setFormat('xml'); extbase is still looking for a file
called youraction.html even if it eventually uses youraction.xml so you
need to create both files, the html file can be empty. I think this is a
bug and filled a bug report; https://forge.typo3.org/issues/46657

typo3 6.1.7
===========

typo3conf/ext/fluidpages/Resources/Private/Partials/Exception/1364741158
usually happening i.e. when you make your own extension from the
t3bootstrap extension.

This is a problem of fluidpages and can be only solved by editing the
database manually. You need to delete all references to the former
extension name with the new extension name. Unfortunately it is not at
all doing this automatically. Things which were simply not at all needed
to be done with TemplaVoila now need to be applied by manual access in
the database. Not a good move towards usability at all.

#. go to i.e. phpmyadmin and do a search for your string (path =
   extension name)
#. click on the table and than do a search and replace with your new
   extension name.

i.e.

-  11 matches in pages (browse and do find replace) - TSCONFIG,
   tx_fed_page_controller_action, tx_fed_page_controller_action
-  6 matches in sys_file (browse and do find replace) - identifier
-  1 match in sys_registry (browse and do find replace) - entry_key
-  12 matches in sys_template (browse and do find replace) - config,
   constants, include_static_file
-  28 matches in tt_content (browse and do find replace) -
   tx_fed_fcefile
-  1 match in tx_impexp_presets (delete) -
-  39 matches in tx_realurl_errorlog (delete)

other error
===========

The error could be related to his Issue;
https://github.com/noelboss/Podcast/issues/17

Please report problems here.
