.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1237900529
==========================

.. note::
If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
<docs-contribute-github-method>`!

News2
=====

::

   #1237900529: The argument "configuration" was registered with type "array", but is of type "NULL" in view helper "Tx_News2_ViewHelpers_Widget_PaginateViewHelper"

You forgot to include the static template for news2. Open your template
record and go to Includes-->Include static (from extension). Select news
v2 (news) from the list and save your template record. Reload you
frontend page.

Fluid Template
==============

::

   #1237900529: The argument "arguments" was registered with type "array", but is of type "string" in view helper "Tx_Fluid_ViewHelpers_TranslateViewHelper"

If you've noted something like this:

::

   <f:for each="{newsItem.author}" as="currentAuthor">
   <f:translate key="author" arguments="{currentAuthor.name}" />
   </f:for>

you can change writing like this:

::

   <f:for each="{newsItem.author}" as="currentAuthor">
   <f:translate key="author" arguments="{0: currentAuthor.name}" />
   </f:for>

Usally for the news-extension this is not the case, but I changed the
author field to include several records from fe_users. Therefore
{newsItem.author} is an array and has to be looped. --`David
bruchmann <https://wiki.typo3.org/User:David_bruchmann>`__ [deprecated
wiki link]
(`talk <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User_talk:David_bruchmann&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]) 09:33, 12 March 2014 (CET)

<f:for>
=======

::

   #1237900529: The argument "each" was registered with type "array", but is of type "string" in view helper "TYPO3\CMS\Fluid\ViewHelpers\ForViewHelper"

The above exception is thrown by the following snippet:

::

   <f:for each="{ jobs }" as="job">{job.id}</f:for>

Removing the spaces after { and before } is my solution to the problem:

::

   <f:for each="{jobs}" as="job">{job.id}</f:for>

Please not the discussion at: https://forge.typo3.org/issues/64317
--`Bernhard
Schenkenfelder <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User:Bernland&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]

<f:form.select>
===============

::

     <f:form.select options="{
                               1: 'Bauhauptgewerbe',
                                  Straßenbauer: '- Straßenbauer'}/>

Replace all special chars like "ß, ä, ö, ü, ..." by english letters.

::

     <f:form.select options="{
                               1: 'Bauhauptgewerbe',
                                  Strassenbauer: '- Straßenbauer'}/>
