.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1237823699
==========================

.. note::
   If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
   information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
   please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
   <docs-contribute-github-method>`!

#1237823699: Required argument "controller" was not supplied.
=============================================================

Just add the parameter controller to the *be.menus.actionMenuItem*
ViewHelper:

::

    <f:be.menus.actionMenuItem controller="YourController" label="YourLabel" action="YourAction" />

Required argument "viewHelperArgument" was not supplied. Is thrown if
you use a view Helper in your fluid template without a required
argument.

#1237823699: Required argument "each" was not supplied.
=======================================================

::

    <f:for each="{menu}" as="menuEntry" key="table">
    ...
    <f:for>

You must add the paramter 'menu' to the call from the PHP side.

::

    $assigns['menu'] = $menu;
    $view->assignMultiple($assigns);

And you must have the correct syntax of the "f:for"-ViewHelper.

::

    <f:for each="{menu}" as="menuEntry" key="table">
    ...
    </f:for>

#1237823699 Error: Required argument "colPos" was not supplied.
===============================================================

TYPO3 with flux and fluidcontent - Upgraded to version 9.

Issue 1: Fluidcontent needs to be migrated to Flux:
https://github.com/FluidTYPO3/fluidcontent/issues/424 → Run SQL
Statement https://stackoverflow.com/a/50759394/3894752

Issue 2: Flux now requires colPos attributes for content elements as
well: https://github.com/FluidTYPO3/flux/issues/1599 → Add colPos
attribute to all grids with numbers from 0 to 99. The Update script of
flux will then fix the colPos Value in the database automatically.
https://github.com/FluidTYPO3/flux/issues/1594#issuecomment-408886174
