.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1237823695
==========================

General
=======

`Register arguments of
viewhelpers <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ExtbaseFluidBook/8-Fluid/8-developing-a-custom-viewhelper.html#register-arguments-of-viewhelpers>`__
describes how to register own Arguments for viewHelpers. Never denying
that I might have made a fault I never had success with the simple
notation by using several parameters in the render-function. I succeeded
with the solution to register the arguments in the function
initializeArguments() which is automatically called if present in the
viewHelper. --`David bruchmann </User:David_bruchmann>`__ [deprecated
wiki link]
(`talk </wiki/index.php?title=User_talk:David_bruchmann&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]) 01:07, 2 March 2015 (CET)

PHPStorm
========

The error shown is “Argument "xmlns:f" was not registered”.

PHPStorm sometimes adds a xmlns attribute to the very first tag in a
Fluid Template, if you use auto completion (eg. type in »f:comm« and hit
enter to autocomplete to »<f:comment></f:comment>«). If the first tag in
your template happens to be a Fluid tag, then the Fluid parser will
throw the execption, that »xmlns« is in fact not a valid attribute of
the current Fluid tag.

Issue on Forge: https://forge.typo3.org/issues/56481

Solution 1 - Remove the attribute
---------------------------------

Just remove the wrong xmlns attribute from your Fluid tag

````

::

   Wrong (xmlns isnt a valid attribute for this tag): 
   <f:layout name="Page/Homepage" xmlns:f="http://www.w3.org/1999/html"/>

   Right:
   <f:layout name="Page/Homepage" />

Solution 2 - Register the namespace
-----------------------------------

PHPStorm needs to know about the fluid namespace, then it will not add
those attributes by itself anymore. Wrap your template into a DIV like
this:

````

::

   <div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en"
        xmlns:f="https://typo3.org/ns/fluid/ViewHelpers"
   >

       <!-- Fluid goes here -->

   </div>

See
http://buzz.typo3.org/teams/extbase/article/howto-autocompletion-for-fluid-in-phpstorm/
&
https://fluidtypo3.org/documentation/templating-manual/appendix/fluid-autocompletion.html

Fluid 6.1 select ViewHelper
===========================

``Argument "prependContent" was not registered``

``<f:form.select name="formtype" options="{formtype}" optionLabelField="title" prependContent="TRUE">``

``<option value="0">--please choose--</option>``

``</f:form.select>``

-  prependContent="TRUE" should be available since 6.1
   https://forge.typo3.org/issues/26595
-  No documented solution yet

EXT:news
========

If you get this problem in the "**news**" extensions, it might be linked
to the viewhelper => "hsc". Try with the original template form the
extension.

EXT:roq_newsevent
=================

After update of roq_newsevent, (or for no apparent reason) the error
appears in relation with roq_newsevent template :
/Partials/EventList/item.html

The viewhelper linking to single view have to be updated :

Original version : <e:link newsItem="{newsItem}" settings="{settings}"
action="eventDetail">{newsItem.title}</e:link>

Updated and working version : <n:link newsItem="{newsItem}"
settings="{settings}">{newsItem.title}</n:link>

See on TYPO3 Forge here : https://forge.typo3.org/issues/53921

Upgrade to TYPO3 7.6.2
======================

The Extension Manager does not work and gives this error message. ````

````

::

   Uncaught TYPO3 Exception
   #1237823695: Argument "jQueryNamespace" was not registered. (More information)
   TYPO3\CMS\Fluid\Core\Parser\Exception thrown in file
   /var/www/html/developer/typo3_src-7.6.2/typo3/sysext/fluid/Classes/Core/Parser /TemplateParser.php in line 604.
   19 TYPO3\CMS\Fluid\Core\Parser \TemplateParser::abortIfUnregisteredArgumentsExist(array, array)
   /var/www/html/developer/typo3_src-7.6.2/typo3/sysext/fluid/Classes/Core/Parser/TemplateParser.php:
   00563:         // The following three checks are only done *in an uncached template*, and not needed anymore in the cached version
   00564:         $expectedViewHelperArguments = $viewHelper->prepareArguments();
   00565:         $this->abortIfUnregisteredArgumentsExist($expectedViewHelperArguments, $argumentsObjectTree);
   00566:           $this->abortIfRequiredArgumentsAreMissing($expectedViewHelperArguments, $argumentsObjectTree);
   00567:         $this->rewriteBooleanNodesInArgumentsObjectTree($expectedViewHelperArguments, $argumentsObjectTree);

````

```` Solution: Start the Install Tool and press the button "Clear all
cache".

Removal of deprecated code in sysext fluid
==========================================

See `Breaking: #53542 - Removal of deprecated code in sysext
fluid <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/core/Changelog/7.0/Breaking-53542-DeprecatedCodeRemovalInFluid.html>`__

For example: f:be.container arguments

Error *Argument "addCssFile" was not registered*

Use *includeCssFiles* instead of *addCssFile* and adapt value from
string to array

``addCssFile="{f:uri.resource(path:'Css/backend.css')}"``

``includeCssFiles="{0:'{f:uri.resource(path:\'Css/backend.css\')}'}"``
