.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1242292003
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

could not determine type of argument "section" of the render-method in ViewHelper "Tx_Fluid_ViewHelpers_RenderViewHelper"
=========================================================================================================================

.. note::

   The information on this page is outdated and no longer applies to TYPO3
   >= 10.0 (and was deprecated in earlier versions). Arguments to a
   ViewHelper are registered with :php:`registerArgument()` and no longer
   passed as arguments to the render function. See Changelog
   `Deprecation: #81213 - Render method arguments on ViewHelpers deprecated <https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/main/en-us/Changelog/9.0/Deprecation-81213-RenderMethodArgumentOnViewHelpersDeprecated.html>`__


This exception is thrown if the PHPDoc `@param` entry in a Fluid ViewHelper
is incorrect or if you are using a PHP optimizer with opcode caching
like the builtin `Opcache <https://www.php.net/manual/en/opcache.configuration.php>`__
and have disabled the storing of PHPDoc blocks. Fluid ViewHelpers needed the
PHPDoc entries to determine the data type (in older TYPO3 versions).

.. code-block:: text

   #1242292003: could not determine type of argument "section" of the
     render-method in ViewHelper "Tx_Fluid_ViewHelpers_RenderViewHelper".
   Either the methods docComment is invalid or some PHP optimizer strips off
     comments.

**Solution:**

#. check PHPDoc block, it must start with \*\* (two stars).
#. attribute must be mentioned as :php:`@param type $variableName`.
#. alternatively use :php:`$this->registerArgument()` in :php:`initializeArguments()`
   method.
#. If using `eAccelerator <http://eaccelerator.net/>`__: compile eAccelerator with option
   "--with-eaccelerator-doc-comment-inclusion": "If you want
   eAccelerator to retain doc-comments in internal php structures"
   (eAccelerator help)
#. Use another PHP optimizer. I use xCache on Debian Squeeze which seems
   to work fine.
#. If using Opcache: set
   opcache.save_comments=1 and opcache.load_comments=1.
