.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1247602160
==========================

Tx_Extbase_Persistence_Storage_Exception_SqlError
=================================================

Tables or Fields missing, database needs to be updated
------------------------------------------------------

::

   #1247602160: Unknown column 'tx_yourext_domain_model_yourmodel.sorting' ...

Make sure the Database tables are up to date. Go to the Extensionmanager
and deactivate and activate the Extension (Typo3 6.0) or choose
"Database Update" in the detail-view of an extension. Alternatively you
can use the install-Tools "Database Analyser" to update all table
definitions, choose "Update required tables COMPARE".

Model mapping incorrect or missing
----------------------------------

.. container::

   `SQL </wiki/Help:Contents#Syntax-Highlighting_for_SQL>`__ [deprecated
   wiki link]

.. container::

   ::

       --#1247602160: Table 'my_database.tx_extendpages_domain_model_page' doesn't exist:
       SELECT tx_extendpages_domain_model_page.* FROM tx_extendpages_domain_model_page
       WHERE tx_extendpages_domain_model_page.uid = '56' LIMIT 1

can happen if you didn't map the table and model via TypoScript.

To solve this problem map the model to the corresponding database table
name. The syntax for the upper example is the following:

.. container::

   `TS
   TypoScript </wiki/Help:Contents#Syntax-Highlighting_for_TypoScript>`__
   [deprecated wiki link]

.. container::

   ::

      plugin.tx_extendpages.persistence.classes.Tx_Extendpages_Domain_Model_Page.mapping.tableName = pages

'tx_extbase_domain_model_backenduser' doesn't exist
===================================================

.. container::

   `SQL </wiki/Help:Contents#Syntax-Highlighting_for_SQL>`__ [deprecated
   wiki link]

.. container::

   ::

      --#1247602160: Table 'database.tx_extbase_domain_model_backenduser' doesn't exist: 
      SELECT tx_extbase_domain_model_backenduser.* 
      FROM tx_extbase_domain_model_backenduser 
      WHERE tx_extbase_domain_model_backenduser.uid = '1' 
      LIMIT 1

| 
| See also: https://forge.typo3.org/issues/51234

Adding this code to the TypoScript, on **all pages where is_siteroot is
set**, seems to solve this issue:

.. container::

   `TS
   TypoScript </wiki/Help:Contents#Syntax-Highlighting_for_TypoScript>`__
   [deprecated wiki link]

.. container::

   ::

      config.tx_extbase.persistence.classes {
          TYPO3\CMS\Beuser\Domain\Model\BackendUser {
              mapping {
                  tableName = be_users
                  columns {
                      allowed_languages.mapOnProperty = allowedLanguages
                      file_mountpoints.mapOnProperty = fileMountPoints
                      db_mountpoints.mapOnProperty = dbMountPoints
                      usergroup.mapOnProperty = backendUserGroups
                  }
              }
          }
          TYPO3\CMS\Beuser\Domain\Model\BackendUserGroup {
              mapping {
                  tableName = be_groups
                  columns {
                      subgroup.mapOnProperty = subGroups
                  }
              }
          }
      }

'tx_staticinfotables_domain_model_language' doesn't exist
=========================================================

::

   Oops, an error occurred!
   Table '[DB_NAME.tx_staticinfotables_domain_model_language' doesn't exist.
   More information regarding this error might be available online.

No good solution found so far, will report in if solution is found.

Temporary solution would be to create table with 608 empty records, to
be able to create and edit records in backend on page [0],

otherwise TYPo3 will display error message and you can not edit anything
on page [0].

.. container::

   `SQL </wiki/Help:Contents#Syntax-Highlighting_for_SQL>`__ [deprecated
   wiki link]

.. container::

   ::

      CREATE TABLE `tx_staticinfotables_domain_model_language` (
        `uid` int(11) unsigned NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
        `constructed_language` varchar(255) DEFAULT NULL,
        `sacred_language` varchar(255) DEFAULT NULL,
        `iso_code_a2` varchar(5) DEFAULT NULL,
        `country_iso_code_a2` varchar(5) DEFAULT NULL,
        PRIMARY KEY (`uid`)
      ) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8;

Try inserting the extbase mapping typoscript in the setup of your
General Record Storage Page:

::

   <INCLUDE_TYPOSCRIPT: source="FILE:EXT:static_info_tables/Configuration/TypoScript/Extbase/setup.txt">

'tx_srlanguagemenu_domain_model_systemlanguage' doesn't exist
=============================================================

This occurs when the sr_language_menu extension is installed, but not
configured right.

Please make sure, that you include the "Language Menu Setup
(sr_language_menu)" in

Templates->Edit the whole template record->Includes: Language Menu Setup
(sr_language_menu)!

Secondly take a look a the static info tables extension and make sure
that you have installed the infotables for all required languages!

'tx_news_domain_model_filereference' doesn't exist
==================================================

See https://forge.typo3.org/issues/58925 and
https://forge.typo3.org/issues/58784 I actually had the current version
already (merging an upgraded dev instance with the live site), but I had
to include the static templates and clear all caches, also truncate cf\_
tables manually. Now it works.

MySQL max_allowed_packet
========================

If only one Plugin/Site stops with "MySQL server has gone away" and all
other are working..

Increase the MySQL max_allowed_packet value.

Powermail 2 formconverter: Unknown column 'fs.class' in 'field list'
====================================================================

Error encountered using formconverter after updating powermail from
v1.4.x. Intermediate versions (1.6 to 2.0?) used to have field "class"
in tables "tx_powermail_fieldsets" and "tx_powermail_fields". Add it
manually to both tables, and formconverter will work (remove fields via
DB COMPARE when done):

.. container::

   `SQL </wiki/Help:Contents#Syntax-Highlighting_for_SQL>`__ [deprecated
   wiki link]

.. container::

   ::

      alter table tx_powermail_fieldsets add column class text NOT NULL;
      alter table tx_powermail_fields add column class text NOT NULL;

sf_register Thows error with activated static_info_tables
=========================================================

With TYPO3 CMS 7.6.4 , sf_register 6.2.7 together with
static_info_tables 6.3.9: Error in Mysql Request: newar "? and
deleted=0" when the registerform tries generating the Country Zone
Dropdown Problem is the
\\typo3conf\ext\sf_register\Classes\Domain\Repository\StaticCountryZoneRepository.php
function findAllByIso2 ->

changing :

.. container::

   `PHP Script </wiki/Help:Contents#Syntax-Highlighting_for_PHP-Code>`__
   [deprecated wiki link]

.. container::

   ::

      $query->statement("SELECT * FROM static_country_zones WHERE zn_country_iso_2 = ? AND deleted = 0" , array($iso2) );

to

.. container::

   `PHP Script </wiki/Help:Contents#Syntax-Highlighting_for_PHP-Code>`__
   [deprecated wiki link]

.. container::

   ::

      $query->statement("SELECT * FROM static_country_zones WHERE zn_country_iso_2 = '" . $iso2 . "' AND deleted = 0" );

helped as quick solution. As normally the query->statement() should
replace the Questionmark with $iso2 i am not sure why this is needed.

Alternative solution is to use DB abstraction with following code:

.. container::

   `PHP Script </wiki/Help:Contents#Syntax-Highlighting_for_PHP-Code>`__
   [deprecated wiki link]

.. container::

   ::

      $query->matching($query->equals('zn_country_iso_2', $iso2));

Related `issue <https://github.com/evoWeb/sf_register/issues/13>`__ at
sf_register bugtracker.

Related `issue <https://forge.typo3.org/issues/67375>`__ at TYPO3
bugtracker.

SQL Mode not compatible
=======================

In some cases the query is okay, but not compatible with the current
sql_mode of the MySQL Database.

Check your sql_mode

.. container::

   `SQL </wiki/Help:Contents#Syntax-Highlighting_for_SQL>`__ [deprecated
   wiki link]

.. container::

   ::

      mysql> SELECT @@sql_mode;
      +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
      | @@sql_mode                                                                                                                                |
      +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
      | ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION |
      +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
      1 row in set (0,00 sec)

Try to remove some of these modes in »/etc/mysql/my.conf«

::

   > [mysqld]
   > sql_mode=NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION
