.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1251315967
==========================

.. note::
   If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
   information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
   please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
   <docs-contribute-github-method>`!

This Exception rose in one installation(TYPO3 4.6.9-15) after changing
direction of relations in the extension_builder between two models after
having already inserted some entries to the list-view in the backend.

Deleting the files *typo3conf/temp_CACHED_\** and truncating the
caching-framework-tables beginning with *cf\_* helped for
`me <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User:Swagner&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link].

// Additional Situations, observed in TYPO3 6.1.2, Extbase 6 This
exception is also thrown when, in the course of development: - a
variable is changed, e.g. from CamelCase to non-CamelCase:

::

      protected $pressReview
      protected $pressreview

- a variable annotation is changed, e.g. from CamelCase to
Non-CamelCase:

::

      /**
       * @var \TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Persistence\ObjectStorage<\Vendor\MyExtension\Domain\Model\PressReviews>
       */
     
      /**
       * @var \TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Persistence\ObjectStorage<\Vendor\MyExtension\Domain\Model\Pressreviews>
       */

(Working in the files directly, not using the Extension_builder
[anymore]) In
`my <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[not available anymore] case, the truncating of the cf_-tables was
sufficient.

extension_builder bug
=====================

In another case, this occurred in the extension builder v6.2.0 after the
modification of an extension via the extension builder to add a new
model object and relate it in a 1:n relation. The previously created
model, which was meant to hold a set (n) of the new model, was missing
the new model in the new dependency injections. The code generated was
missing the new model's extbase path.

To fix this:

-  Find all sections where the new model path is missing and add it

   -  e.g. from \\TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Persistence\ObjectStorage<> to
      \\TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Persistence\ObjectStorage<\{VendorName}\{Ext}\Domain\Model\{NewModel}>
      in the protected variable
   -  in the get/set/add/edit functions in the body, e.g. the 'add'
      function

::

     /**
     * Adds a {newModel}
     *
     * @param ${newModel}
     * @return void
     */
     
      Change to 
     
     /**
     * Adds a {newModel}
      *
     * @param \{VendorName}\{Ext}\Domain\Model\{NewModel} ${newModel}
     * @return void
     */

-  

   -  Clear Typo3 Caches
   -  Delete typo3temp/\*
   -  As stated before, truncating the cf_-tables was needed before the
      error stopped.

| 
| May also be caused by incorrectly formatted comments - a missing \* on
  the first line (only having one star) will stop the parser finding the
  definitions.

The error occurs also if you have missing annotation in your model.
