.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1257246929
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

Tried resolving a template file for controller action "..." in format ".html", ...
==================================================================================

Error message:

::

   #1257246929: Tried resolving a template file for controller action "Page->render" in format ".html",
   but none of the paths contained the expected template file ().
   The following paths were checked: .../typo3conf/ext/fluidpages/Resources/Private/Templates/

Source:

::

   TYPO3Fluid\Fluid\View\Exception\InvalidTemplateResourceException thrown in file
   .../typo3_src/vendor/typo3fluid/fluid/src/View/TemplatePaths.php in line 590.

Problem: No page templates
==========================

We had this error when no fluidpage templates were available and thus
not selected in the backend.

Problem: Extension containing templates not installed
=====================================================

We had this error when site package extension which contained templates was not installed,
thus TYPO3 couldn't resolve EXT:extensionname/...  paths.

Problem: Using an Extbase link with argument "format"
=====================================================

When creating a link like:

..  code-block:: html

    <f:uri.action action="new" arguments="{format: someFormat}" />
    <f:uri.action action="new" format="{someFormat}" />

you might want to pass a custom URI variable named "format"
to an Extbase action. However, "format" is a reserved keyword.
It is interpreted to trigger rendering different formats than
HTML for output (for example "JSON"). So either you need to
provide fluid templates with exactly that format, or if you
in fact wanted to evaluate a parameter named `format` you
should rename it to something like `exportFormat` to not
clash with the reserved keyword.

Problem: sitepackage not added in resources
===========================================

We had this error because the sitepackage was not added on root -> edit
page -> resources -> include pagetsconfig

Problem: TYPO3 9.5 Install Tool
===============================

This error happens after an upgrade from TYPO3 8.7. Then the TYPO3 9.5
Install Tool is stuck in this error message. All the caches must be
deleted. And the file index.php must be checked. This should be a link
and not a php file. Activate the `systemLogLevel' => 0`, `'devIPmask'` and
`'displayErrors' => 1` in the file :file:`LocalConfiguration.php`.
