.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1270853879
==========================

.. note::
   If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
   information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
   please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
   <docs-contribute-github-method>`!

TYPO3 Fatal Error: Extension key "templavoila" is NOT loaded!

This error appears in TYPO3 6+ when you deinstall TemplaVoila. It will
block your complete backend access.

Solution: fill in the templavoila extension key and all other
extensionkeys from extensions you probably just have been deleted.
Filling in only the key 'templavoila' did not help at all here. than
delete typo3temp folder and recreate it with the usual permission
settings.

If you are receiving an error when logging in again into the backend
like: "Invalid RSA public key" than simply wait until the "login error
page" will appear an login from here with the same credentials - usually
it works!

Next you deinstall All extensions depending on templavoila i.e.
templavoila_framework, skins, etc ... and of course also those
extensions depending on templavoila but which are not mentioned as
depending! Unfortunately with the new extension manager you can't
inspect the needed information easily! You need extra external tools or
additional extensions now, if the backend isn't already blocked ;-).

clear cache and the backend should work again without templavoila.
