.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1278155988
==========================

.. note::
   If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
   information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
   please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
   <docs-contribute-github-method>`!

I got this exception just after I imported and installed tt_news in my
Typo3 6.2 website. So now I cannot edit the pages on my website.

In the log it says:

::

   [5]   [0]   Core: Error handler (BE): PHP Warning: simplexml_load_file(): ^ in /home/solreszt/public_html/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Localization/Parser/AbstractXmlParser.php line 110   
   [5]   [0]   Core: Error handler (BE): PHP Warning: simplexml_load_file(): <source>Bootstrap Package: Left & normal, 2 Columns</source> in /home/solreszt/public_html/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Localization/Parser/AbstractXmlParser.php line 110   
   [5]   [0]   Core: Error handler (BE): PHP Warning: simplexml_load_file(): /home/solreszt/public_html/typo3conf/ext/bootstrap_package/Resources/Private/Language/Backend.xml:18: parser error : xmlParseEntityRef: no name in /home/solreszt/public_html/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Localization/Parser/AbstractXmlParser.php line 110

It seems that the adding of one new page layout is not correct. It has
worked for a month now, except that the name of the new layout did not
show up in the backend. As I mentioned in an issue on the English forum
in april/may: https://forum.typo3.org/index.php/t/203479/ This exception
is really destroying the website. This exception causes that you are not
any longer able to edit any page. It seems like all references in the
list of Backend layouts have disappeared. I have got this exception
twice and both times I have done something in the Extension Manager. The
first time I installed tt_news, I now know that tt_news is not
compatible with bootstrap extension. The second time I was changing the
logo files in the configuration of bootstrap. I see no other way to
solve this problem than go back to an earlier backup. Regards, Gunnar
Jonsson

| 
| I found the solution: Removing the & ampersand in the name of a
  backend layout in the backend.xlf file was the solution. The ampersand
  in the following lines was causing the Exception:

::

   <trans-unit >
    <source>Bootstrap Package: Left & normal, 2 Columns</source>
   </trans-unit>

==============================
==============================

I want a page layout with 3 grids for left margin and 9 grids for
normal. Are there any tutorial how to add a new page layout in bootstrap
package?

I have copied one of the HTML files and renamed it
Default2VColumns.html, so it looks like:

::

   <f:layout name="Default" /> <f:section name="Main"> <div > <div > <div > <f:cObject typoscriptObjectPath="lib.dynamicContent" data="1" /> </div> <div  role="main"> <f:cObject typoscriptObjectPath="lib.dynamicContent" data="0" /> </div> </div> </div> </f:section>

And I also inserted the following in the root template:

::

    page.10.file.stdWrap.cObject.bootstrap_package__default_2_V_columns = TEXT
    page.10.file.stdWrap.cObject.bootstrap_package__default_2_V_columns.value = EXT:bootstrap_package/Resources/Private/Templates/Page/Default2VColumns.html
    page.10.file.stdWrap.cObject.bootstrap_package__default_2_V_columns.insertData = 1
    

I insert the following in the file:
bootstrap_package/Resources/Private/Language/Backend.xml

::

   <trans-unit >
    <source>Bootstrap Package: Left & normal, 2 Columns</source>
   </trans-unit>

| 
| And futhermore I had to insert the following in the file
  bootstrap_package/Classes/Hooks/Options/BackendLayoutDataProvider.php:

::

    'default_2_V_columns' => array(
    'title' => 'LLL:EXT:bootstrap_package/Resources/Private/Language/Backend.xlf:backend_layout.default_2_V_columns',
    'config' => '
    backend_layout {
    colCount = 6
    rowCount = 2
    rows {
    1 {
    columns {
    1 {
    name = LLL:EXT:cms/locallang_ttc.xlf:colPos.I.0
    colPos = 1
    colspan = 2
    }
    2 {
    name = LLL:EXT:cms/locallang_ttc.xlf:colPos.I.1
    colPos = 0
    colspan = 4
    }
    }
    }
    2 {
    columns {
    1 {
    name = LLL:EXT:bootstrap_package/Resources/Private/Language/Backend.xlf:backend_layout.column.footer1
    colPos = 10
    colspan = 2
    }
    2 {
    name = LLL:EXT:bootstrap_package/Resources/Private/Language/Backend.xlf:backend_layout.column.footer2
    colPos = 11
    colspan = 2
    }
    3 {
    name = LLL:EXT:bootstrap_package/Resources/Private/Language/Backend.xlf:backend_layout.column.footer3
    colPos = 12
    colspan = 2
    }
    }
    }
    }
    }
    ',
    'icon' => 'EXT:bootstrap_package/Resources/Public/Images/BackendLayouts/default_2_V_columns.gif'
    ),

Most things seems now to be in order, except for the naming of the page
layout in the backend. I get a blank line instead of the text "Bootstrap
Package: Left & normal, 2 Columns" when choosing page layout in Edit
page.

Broken character in locallang_db.xlf
====================================

I got this error in the BE list view (7.6 LTS) and was able to fix it by
correcting a broken character in
myext/Resources/Private/Language/locallang_db.xlf (ursbraem, 19.10.2016)
