.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1278450972
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt


#1278450972: Class ... does not exist. Reflection failed. TYPO3 9.5
===================================================================

We had a whitespace at the beginning of the filename of the file containing
the class.

When switching over from working with TYPO3 10+ back to TYPO3 9.5, remember that you have to
specify the fully qualified name for parameters, as opposed to TYPO3 10+ where you can import
the class name.

#1278450972: Class ... does not exist. Reflection failed. After updating to TYPO3 11
====================================================================================

We missed the required update in the registration of plugins and modules to use the full class name.

See `Breaking: #92609 - Use controller classes when registering plugins/modules <https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/main/en-us/Changelog/11.0/Breaking-92609-UseControllerClassesWhenRegisteringPluginsmodules.html>`__.

#1278450972: The classname "..." was not found and thus can not be reflected.
=============================================================================

This (extbase) error can occur if you have annotated a (controller
action) method using `@param` but have not given it a type hint. If the
annotation is wrong this error will occur.

Example:

::

    /**
     * A test action
     *
     * @param \MyVendor\MyExtension\Domain\Motel\InvalidName $myVariable
     */
    public function testAction($myVariable) {

As you see the `@param` annotation is wrong. Because you usually have not
any `Domain\Motel` namespace and there is no type hint for $myVariable
in the function header.

So either correct the annotation, clear all caches:

::

    /**
     * A test action
     *
     * @param \MyVendor\MyExtension\Domain\Model\ValidName $myVariable
     */
    public function testAction($myVariable) {

Or try to add a type hint:

::

    /**
     * A test action
     *
     * @param \MyVendor\MyExtension\Domain\Model\ValidName $myVariable
     */
    public function testAction(\MyVendor\MyExtension\Domain\Model\ValidName $myVariable) {

I had a Composer based Installation. And i have to add my ext. to the
psr4 autoload in copmposer.json:

::


      "autoload": {
           "psr-4": {
                   "MyVendor\\MyExtension\\":"web/typo3conf/ext/MyExtension/Classes"
           }
       },

#1278450972 TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Reflection\Exception\UnknownClassException
========================================================================

**Class Boolean does not exist. Reflection failed.**

::

      at TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Reflection\ReflectionService->buildClassSchema('Vendorname\\Extensionname\\Domain\\Model\\MyModel')

Got this error because in MyModel was a setter with a wrong typehint, in
my case it was something like

::

      public function setFreeShipping(\Boolean $freeShipping)

Solution was to change *\\Boolean* to *bool*.
