.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1283790586
==========================

.. note::
If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
<docs-contribute-github-method>`!

Description
===========

Exception 1283790586 **'There is no entry in the $TCA array for the
table "your_unknown_table". This means that the function enableFields()
is called with an invalid table name as argument.'** is thrown in
TYPO3\CMS\Frontend\Page\PageRepository::enableFields when the table (as
mentioned in the error) is not found in the TCA.

Possible causes
===============

Your project uses:

-  PHP-code with enableFields('your_unknown_table').
-  TypoScript-code with an unknown table in a CONTENT-object. There
   might be an indication of this in the backtrace, f.e. *5
   TYPO3\CMS\Frontend\ContentObject\ContentObjectRenderer::cObjGetSingle("CONTENT",
   array, "30")* indicates that an unknown table is used in a
   CONTENT-element with the name '30'.

--`Mmix <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User:Mmix&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]
(`talk <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User_talk:Mmix&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]) 19:01, 7 August 2014 (CEST)

-  Backtrace is the detailed error output when dev mode is enabled in
   the install tool. I searched it for "array" and found this:
   TypoScript Code 4
   TYPO3\CMS\Frontend\ContentObject\ContentObjectRenderer::cObjGetSingle("TEMPLATE",
   array, "100"). Now I searched my templates for the string "100". It
   was the main page template, and I found some temp. objects that were
   defined as temp.myobject = CONTENT, but due to some conditions, in
   some cases, had no further definition. TYPO3 4.5 could live with
   that, 6.2 threw an error.

Bad:

::

   temp.item =CONTENT
   [globalVar = LIT:1 = {$constant}]
   temp.item {
   }
   [global]

Less bad:

::

   temp.item =
   [globalVar = LIT:1 = {$constant}]
   temp.item =CONTENT
   temp.item {
   }
   [global]

--`ursbraem <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User:Ursbraem&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link] 23. December 2014 (CEST)
