.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1289386765
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

Message:

::

   Oops, an error occurred!

   Could not analyse class: Vendor\Extension\Controller\SomeController maybe not loaded or no autoloader?

   More information regarding this error might be available online.

General
=======

-  The class cache in TYPO3 7.6 does not get cleared when pressing the
   "Clear System Cache" button, so you have to empty ``typo3temp/*``
   yourself to get around this issue:

::

   $ rm -rf typo3temp/*

-  The errorHandler turns E_STRICT into exception. This can break the
   autoloading in some TYPO3 version (ie. 6.2.30). Excluding E_STRICT
   errors can help.

If you got the error while migrating your extension to use namespaces
=====================================================================

If you're migrating to namespaces, you need to put the vendor name
inside your \**ext_localconf.php*\* and your \**ext_tables.php**,
otherwise extbase tries to look up names in the old fashioned way.

**ext_localconf.php:**

::

   // Wrong
   TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Utility\ExtensionUtility::configurePlugin(
       $_EXTKEY,
       'Plugin',
       array('Controller' => 'action')
   );

   // Right
   TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Utility\ExtensionUtility::configurePlugin(
       'MyVendorName.'.$_EXTKEY,
       'Plugin',
       array('Controller' => 'action')
   );

**ext_tables.php:**

::

   // Wrong
   \TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Utility\ExtensionUtility::registerPlugin(
       $_EXTKEY,
       'Plugin',
       'PluginTitle',
   );;

   // Right
   \TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Utility\ExtensionUtility::registerPlugin(
       'MyVendorName.' . $_EXTKEY,
       'Plugin',
       'PluginTitle',
   );

More here: `Extbase
Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ExtbaseFluidBook/b-ExtbaseReference/Index.html>`__

Error message concerning Fluid View Helper
==========================================

::

   #1289386765: Could not analyse class:TYPO3\CMS\Fluid\ViewHelpers\Form\TextViewHelper maybe 

   not loaded or no autoloader?

solutions
---------

-  it could be, that you have misspelled the name of the viewhelper, for
   example

::

   "<f:form.textbox ..." instead of   "<f:form.textfield ..."

-  to be more specific for the requested extension blog_example, change
   all occurrences in templates under

typo3conf/ext/blog_example/Ressources/Private/Backend/Layouts/Templates
e.g.: Templates/Blog/New.html Line 14

::

   <f:form.textbox property ="title" />

to

::

   <f:form.textfield property ="title" />

-  also check if the extension itself is loaded

-  The RenderFlashMessagesViewHelper was deprecated for a long time and
   finally removed in 6.0.

So, please use FlashMessagesViewHelper instead:

::

   <f:renderFlashMessages/>

becomes

::

   <f:flashMessages/>

-  You must also check the Fluid template for upper and lower case
   writing. For example f:link.typoLink... will throw an exception
   because the class cannot be found. But this will occur only on
   case-sensitive file systems. Normally you will find out on your dev
   server because your local computer will most likely use a
   case-insensitive file system. Solution: change f:link.typoLink
   tof:link.typolink

For more information see:

-  `Fluid#form_fields <https://wiki.typo3.org/Fluid#f:form.textbox>`__
   [deprecated wiki link]
-  `Documentation on Typo3
   Forge <https://forge.typo3.org/projects/typo3v4-mvc/wiki/Breaking_Changes%7CExtbase>`__
   [not available anymore]

error message concerning DamViewHelper (from ext:news)
======================================================

I got this error while updating ext:news from 2.3.1 to 3.0.1 after an
TYPO3 upgrade from 6.1.12 to 6.2.6

::

   #1289386765: Could not analyse class:Tx_News_ViewHelpers_Format_DamViewHelper maybe not loaded or no autoloader?

earlier an error `"#1263391473: The property "falMediaNonPreviews" on
the subject was not
accessible." <https://wiki.typo3.org/Exception/CMS/1263391473%7C>`__
[not available anymore] appears.

Solution
--------

so the viewhelper format.dam got removed news 3.0.1 has other
HTML-templates than 2.3.1 as the copied and individualized templates
stayed through the upgrade calls to the old viewhelper stay in place and
throw an error with the new version. Solution: clean up your copied
templates

Error in own extension
======================

If you got the error using your own extension: Maybe your extension-name
uses underscores. If your extension is named my_extension:

::

   //wrong
   /**
    * Misc Functions
   *
   * @var \Myvendor\Myextension\Utility\Div
   * @inject
   */
   protected $div;

   //right
   /**
    * Misc Functions
   *
   * @var \Myvendor\MyExtension\Utility\Div
   * @inject
   */
   protected $div;

In your own extension: If you add the namespace after the extension had
already been installed, intensive clearing of caches is needed. May even
be needed to empty typo3temp.

If you got the error while in composer mode
===========================================

And you are adding your own extension or added some extension without
composer. Then you must either load the extension with composer or
handle the class loading with your composer.json:

::

   {
     "name": "my-vendor/my-typo3-cms-distribution",
     "require": {
       "typo3/cms": "7.x-dev"
     },
     "autoload": {
       "psr-4": {
         "MyVendor\\MySitePackage\\": "typo3conf/ext/my_site_package/Classes"
       }
     }
   }

Note if your installation "web-dir" in composer.json is "Web":

::

   ...
   "psr-4": {
         "MyVendor\\MySitePackage\\": "Web/typo3conf/ext/my_site_package/Classes"
   }
   ...

For more information see:

-  https://wiki.typo3.org/Composer [deprecated wiki link]

If you got the error while updating from TYPO3 4.x to 6.2
=========================================================

Then your migration process was broken. For me it helped to redo it
entirely and uninstall "extension news" completely (without deleting
files) and updating it after the upgrade. The error message provided
here doesn't tell you where exactly the issue occurs because you only
see the result of a problem at a very later stage that some classes
could not be loaded. The root cause is a broken autoload-process that
unfortunately doesn't create any errors.

I am getting this for Powermail after and upgrade from 4.5->6.2 Could
not analyse
class:Tx_Powermail_ViewHelpers_Getter_GetFieldMarkerFromUidViewHelper
maybe not loaded or no autoloader? I've tried uninstalling and
installing powermail, no luck. What do you mean by "redo it entirely"?
Redo the whole TYPO3 upgrade? --> yes, that's what I meant. Take your
4.x environment, uninstall Powermail, and try the Upgrade again.

Thanks, but (luckily) it was something else: the templates and
namespaces have been changed. So using an old template can cause this
exception too. https://forge.typo3.org/issues/62220

If you got the error while adding a new namespace in TYPO3 7.4.0 or 7.5.0
=========================================================================

Adding a new file with namespace in v7.4.0 or v7.5.0 can trigger this
error. In my case it happens to be a weird caching issue. Actually
hitting the "Clear cache" button in the install tool should solve that,
but somehow that alone won't work.

.. _solution-1:

Solution
--------

::

   - Go to the Extension Manager and uninstall your extension
   - Go to the Install Tool and hit the 'Clear cache' button. On the same page hit the 'Clear PHP opcode cache' button
   - Go back to the Extension Manager and reinstall your extension

If you got the error while updating FluidTYPO3
==============================================

If you upgrade old versions of flux/fluidpages and get this error, then
you'll need to switch to proper namespaces (legacy namespaces got
removed in version 7.2.0, see Changelog →
https://github.com/FluidTYPO3/flux/blob/7.2.0/CHANGELOG.md)

Examples:

-  In PHP Code ``Tx_Fluidpages_Controller_PageController`` to
   ``\FluidTYPO3\Fluidpages\Controller\PageController``
-  In ViewHelpers ``{namespace v=Tx_Vhs_ViewHelpers}`` to
   ``{namespace v=FluidTYPO3\Vhs\ViewHelpers}``
-  In TypoScript (if not loaded automatically)

::

   5 = USER
   5.userFunc = TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Core\Bootstrap->run
   5.extensionName = Fluidpages
   ### the following line is new and required:
   5.vendorName = FluidTYPO3
   5.pluginName = Page

If you got the error with EXT:fluidcontent_bootstrap
====================================================

*Could not analyse
class:Tx_Vhs_ViewHelpers_Extension_Path_ResourcesViewHelper maybe not
loaded or no autoloader?*

The extension throws this error after updating
https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/vhs/ to v2.4.0 (which is the last
version to work with TYPO3 6.2). The extension fluidcontent_bootstrap
itself isn't 7.6 compatible. So either replace it or fix the problematic
places and set the extension to ``excludeFromUpdates``.

-  fluidcontent_bootstrap/Resources/Private/Templates/Content/Accordion.html
-  fluidcontent_bootstrap/Resources/Private/Templates/Content/Alert.html
-  fluidcontent_bootstrap/Resources/Private/Templates/Content/ButtonGroup.html
-  fluidcontent_bootstrap/Resources/Private/Templates/Content/ButtonLink.html
-  fluidcontent_bootstrap/Resources/Private/Templates/Content/Carousel.html
-  fluidcontent_bootstrap/Resources/Private/Templates/Content/Jumbotron.html
-  fluidcontent_bootstrap/Resources/Private/Templates/Content/NavigationList.html
-  fluidcontent_bootstrap/Resources/Private/Templates/Content/PageHeader.html
-  fluidcontent_bootstrap/Resources/Private/Templates/Content/Row.html
-  fluidcontent_bootstrap/Resources/Private/Templates/Content/Tabs.html
-  fluidcontent_bootstrap/Resources/Private/Templates/Content/Thumbnails.html
-  fluidcontent_bootstrap/Resources/Private/Templates/Content/Well.html

A more elegant way could be to change the template path to ``fileadmin``
and copy the resources (and alter only these files).

If you got the error with Flux
==============================

Error:

::

   Could not analyse class: "FluidTYPO3\Flux\ViewHelpers\Widget\GridViewHelper" maybe not loaded or no autoloader? Class FluidTYPO3\Flux\ViewHelpers\Widget\GridViewHelper does not exist

Reason:

::

   > https://github.com/FluidTYPO3/flux/commit/3b65374429f579a39ece2d23568abb12ae110b29
   > DEPRECATED
   > - * Grid Widget for rendering a grid in previews of BE elements
   > New behaviour:
   > Renders a Grid as content element container in the page module if your template defines one, regardless of whether or not you have a Preview section (https://fluidtypo3.org/blog/news/coming-changes-in-flux-72.html)

Fix:

Just remove ``<flux:widget.grid />`` completely.

if you got this error while updating via git
============================================

-  If you update your installation via git it is possible that Class
   caches are not up to date
-  The caches will not be cleared in BE neither in install tool
-  To clear the caches deinstall and re-install the extension
-  Alternatively use terminal: typo3/cli_dispatch.phpsh extbase
   extension:dumpclassloadinginformation
-  If your installation uses xcache, there is no possibility to clear
   the cache. You have to restart the server.
