.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1294587218
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

Hi,

if you just started to work with TYPO3 CMS - Welcome and congratulations
for the successfull installation!.

TypoScript is the language, in which the internal object structure in
TYPO 3 CMS is described (not the HTML DOM). Each page needs at least one
Typoscript template either in its own properties or in an upward page.

So you need at least one page and a "root level" template record with
some content.

If you have both, go through the following:

First, check wether the page you don't see or at least one of the pages
in root-direction has a Typoscript template which works, is active and
has root-level property. To achieve this, go to the following window:

> Template Module in the left column > page is selected in middle column
> info/edit in top selection field > edit complete template record >
"General" - tab

-  check the template Typoscript code in the "Setup" - text field
-  The "inactive" field must be unchecked.
-  Check, wether root-level property is set in the "Options" tab: the
   "root level" field must be checked.

If all this is o.k., but the error occurs nonetheless, you may delete
and recreate the root template.

If you have a working typoscript code, it is intelligent to save it
first via copy and paste.

Delete the root template with the little trash bin on top of template
edit page.

Then create a new template by clicking "Create template for new
website". This button has appeared after deleting the root template.

There are some tutorials to make it easy for you to start:

-  `TypoScript in 45
   Minutes <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=Ts45min&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
   [not available anymore]

Addtionally you find many information in the docs on TYPO3.org

-  https://typo3.org/documentation/

Thanks for choosing TYPO3.

There is a big community, you can get in contact with us be registering
on `TYPO3.org <http://TYPO3.org>`__

--------------

SOLUTION 1 (Tested with TYPO3 7+)
=================================

#. In the backend, click on 'Template' menu under web module.
#. Click on the main page (usually id 1)
#. Select *Info/Modify* in the dropdown menu on the header section of
   the content pane.
#. Click on the *Edit the whole template record* button.
#. Click on the *Options* tab.
#. Make sure to select *Rootlevel* checkbox. Problem solved.
