.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1294587217
==========================

.. note::
   If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
   information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
   please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
   <docs-contribute-github-method>`!

Hello! I received this error message from my TYPO3-Frontend. Reason:
Inside the Template of this page there were spaces inside the lines
like:

#. Default PAGE object:

page = PAGE page. 10 = TEXT page. 10.value = HELLO WORLD!

(see the spaces right after the dots)

Removing these spaces leaded to a page running fine without the error
message this Thread is about. Best regards, strawk

| 
| **#1294587217: The page is not configured! [type=0][]. This means that
  there is no TypoScript object of type PAGE with typeNum=0 configured**

This happens if you forget the line

::

   page = PAGE

in the Setup field of your TypoScript record.

When you see this error, a TypoScript template is already there. In the
backend go to the page with that TypoScript template. Most probably it
is on the root page of your website; that is the one directly below the
very first page, below the one with the TYPO3 logo next to it. Use the
"Template" module to have a look at the template located at that page.

Use the Template module to modify that template: Select the
"Info/Modify" screen from the drop-down box at the top. Then click on
the pencil icon next to the word "Setup" and replace what you have in
the Setup field with the following lines:

.. container::

   ::

          # Default PAGE object:
          page = PAGE
          # Define output for typeNum=0, the default type.
          page.typeNum = 0
          page.10 = TEXT
          page.10.value = HELLO WORLD!

Save the template and open the page in the frontend. You should see the
words "HELLO WORLD!".

| 
| Another possibility is that you are trying to access a page with an
  undefined page type. E.g. ``example.org/?type=123``, but you do not
  have a ``(page).typeNum = 123`` defined in your TypoScript template.

| 
| == #1294587217: The page is not configured! [type=103][]. This means
  that there is no TypoScript object of type PAGE with typeNum=103
  configured.

This error is thrown when an old dead link is called after update to
TYPO3 CMS 6.2. Please see: http://www.bahai.by/be/?type=103 [not
available anymore] Why no 404 error.

Using Bootstrap_package
=======================

You forgot to include the bootstrap_package static template.
