.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1297759968
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "":Object with identity "1" not found.
=====================================================================================================

This error is thrown when a link to a hidden record is called.

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "":Method Tx_Foobar_Domain_Model_Baz::__construct() does not exist
=================================================================================================================================

The ReflectionService tries to get the constructor arguments of your
model class, which in this case seems not to exist.

As a work around you can put an empty "__construct" method in your model
class

::

    /**
     *
     */
    public function __construct() {
    }

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "":Could not find a suitable type converter for "array|null" because no such class or interface exists
=====================================================================================================================================================================

This error is thrown (for me) when I insert a datemenu on the listpage
and follow a link:

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "":Could
not find a suitable type converter for "array|null" because no such
class or interface exists.

seems related to https://forge.typo3.org/issues/48172 as the solution,
setting the Typoscript

plugin.tx_news.features.rewrittenPropertyMapper = 0

solves the error (for me).

*Advice:* enabling/disabling the rewrittenPropertyMapper has huge
impacts on extbase behaviour. You are strongly adviced to learn about
the "new" propertyMapper and how to use/configure it rather then
deactivating it (~Peter Niederlag)

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "": Could not find a suitable type converter for "MyExample\Jobs\Domain\Model\Job" because no such class or interface exists.
============================================================================================================================================================================================

After adding an new model and clearing the caches (BE -> "Flush system
caches", rm -rf typo3temp/Cache/), the new class still was not found.
Deactivating and reactivating the extension was solution.

Background: the autoload information (typo3temp/autoload/) wasn't
flushed/updated. Since TYPO3 v8 there's a option in the install-tool for
regenerating the autoconfiguration files.

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "myDomainModel":Could not determine the child object type.
=========================================================================================================================

After making (manual) changes to the model, the cache hasn't been
cleared (configuartion cache). See
http://maischner.de/typo3-extbase-fluid-fehlermeldungen/

For other cases: I have not found a solution yet.

Try to truncate the cf_extbase_reflection table after you modified the
model.

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "":Property "0" was not found in target object of type ""Tx_MyExt_Domain_Model_MyObject"
=======================================================================================================================================================

In my case, it's displayed when calling updateAction after showAction.
The model configutation needs to be re-checked. (More information wanted
here)

When using extended models you need to set the base class variables to
protected instead of private.

Another solution could be to truncate the "cf_extbase_reflection" table

This error is also displayed if a property in a fluid-form is wrong. In
my case I had property="{object.propertyName}" instead of
property="propertyName"

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "investigator":No converter found which can be used to convert from "array" to "Tx_Extbase_Persistence_ObjectStorage".
=====================================================================================================================================================================================

Instead of an object, an array has been passed to the model (e.g., from
a form). Solution needed.

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "imagecategorie":No converter found which can be used to convert from "array" to "string".
=========================================================================================================================================================

It apperas when you try to upload a file in the BE, for a property of
your model.

The solution is there :
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16405963/typo3-how-to-use-file-upload-with-extbase

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "":It is not allowed to map property "badproperty". You need to use $propertyMappingConfiguration->allowProperties('badproperty') to enable mapping of this property.
====================================================================================================================================================================================================================================

::

   For me the reason was a <form> inside a <form>. Seems like the __trustedProperies in the second form made my first form to fail.

.. _exception-while-property-mapping-at-property-path-it-is-not-allowed-to-map-property-badproperty.-you-need-to-use-propertymappingconfiguration-allowpropertiesbadproperty-to-enable-mapping-of-this-property.-1:

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "":It is not allowed to map property "badproperty". You need to use $propertyMappingConfiguration->allowProperties('badproperty') to enable mapping of this property.
====================================================================================================================================================================================================================================

Say you have a createAction getting two arguments, one for a reservation
and one for the person that makes the reservation:

::

   /**
    * action create
    *
    * @param $newReservation
    * @param $newPerson
    * @return void
    * @dontverifyrequesthash
    */
   public function createAction(Tx_Nboevents_Domain_Model_Reservation $newReservation, Tx_Nboevents_Domain_Model_Person $newPerson) {
    $this->reservationRepository->add($newReservation);
    // ...
   }

You need to tell the PropertyManager to allow certain Properties in a
new method:

::

   protected function initializeCreateAction(){
    $propertyMappingConfiguration = $this->arguments['newPerson']->getPropertyMappingConfiguration();
    // allow all properties:
    $propertyMappingConfiguration->allowAllProperties();
    // or just allow certain properties
    $propertyMappingConfiguration->allowProperties('firstname');
   }

But this leads next to the following exception:

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "foo":Creation of objects not allowed. To enable this, you need to set the PropertyMappingConfiguration Value "CONFIGURATION_CREATION_ALLOWED" to TRUE
=====================================================================================================================================================================================================================

After the above exception has been solved, you need to allow creation of
new objects (or whatever). Add this line:

::

    $propertyMappingConfiguration->setTypeConverterOption('TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Property\TypeConverter\PersistentObjectConverter', \TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Property\TypeConverter\PersistentObjectConverter::CONFIGURATION_CREATION_ALLOWED, TRUE);

The final methods;

::

   /**
   * @return void
   */
   protected function initializeCreateAction(){
    $propertyMappingConfiguration = $this->arguments['newPerson']->getPropertyMappingConfiguration();
    $propertyMappingConfiguration->allowAllProperties();
    $propertyMappingConfiguration->setTypeConverterOption('TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Property\TypeConverter\PersistentObjectConverter', \TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Property\TypeConverter\PersistentObjectConverter::CONFIGURATION_CREATION_ALLOWED, TRUE);
   }

   /**
   * action create
   *
   * @param $newReservation
   * @param $newPerson
   * @return void
   * @dontverifyrequesthash
   */
   public function createAction(Tx_Nboevents_Domain_Model_Reservation $newReservation, Tx_Nboevents_Domain_Model_Person $newPerson) {
    // ...
   }

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "":Modification of persistent objects not allowed. To enable this, you need to set the PropertyMappingConfiguration Value "CONFIGURATION_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED" to TRUE. (More information)
=========================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================

See solution above, this time, the funny man listens to the name
CONFIGURATION_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED. You know the drill;

::

    $propertyMappingConfiguration->setTypeConverterOption('TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Property\TypeConverter\PersistentObjectConverter', \TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Property\TypeConverter\PersistentObjectConverter::CONFIGURATION_CREATION_ALLOWED, TRUE);

| 
| Maybe also check this post:
  http://stackoverflow.com/questions/18654920/extbase-exception-while-property-mapping-at-property-path

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "yourProperty":It is not allowed to map property "__identity". You need to use $propertyMappingConfiguration->allowProperties('__identity') to enable mapping of this property.
==============================================================================================================================================================================================================================================

If yourProperty is an ObjectStorage that holds references to other
models and you want to edit this relation in a Fluid form with a
multiselect or checkboxes, don't let Fluid convert your objects. So
instead of doing this:

::

    <f:form.checkbox property="yourProperty" value="{someObject}" />

assign only the uid integers to the viewhelper, like this:

::

    <f:form.checkbox property="yourProperty" value="{someObject.uid}" />

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "":The target type was no string, but of type "NULL"
===================================================================================================================

This error occured for me (TYPO3 6.2) when I had the following action
defined in my controller:

::

    /**
     * action detail
     *
     * @param \Webconsulting\WebconWarndienst\Domain\Model\Warning $warning
     * @param \TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Persistence\ObjectStorage<\Webconsulting\WebconWarndienst\Domain\Model\Location> $location
     * @return void
     */
    public function detailAction(\Webconsulting\WebconWarndienst\Domain\Model\Warning $warning, \TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Persistence\ObjectStorage $location = NULL) {

In the form I have an input field having
name="tx_myextension_controller[location]" which allows to submit
multiple objects of type "Location".

I tracked down the problem. The extbase controller "Argument.php" class
does not read the @param annotation but rather uses the argument type
retrieved from reflecting the method arguments:
\\TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Persistence\ObjectStorage

As then only "\TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Persistence\ObjectStorage" gets passed
to the typeConverter/propertyMapper it can't determine the class of the
location sub-elements which should be:
\\Webconsulting\WebconWarndienst\Domain\Model\Location

You can try this by adding a debugging "echo" statement in
EXT:extbase/Classes/Property/PropertyMapper.php in method "convert":

::

    public function convert($source, $targetType, \TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Property\PropertyMappingConfigurationInterface $configuration = NULL) {
      echo $targetType;

It will only output "\TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Persistence\ObjectStorage"

For me the solution was to remove the type hint from my "detailAction".
Extbase then uses the @param annotation. But this caused another error:
`typo3-exception-1278450972 <typo3-exception-1278450972>`__

Which could only get solved by applying a patch:
https://forge.typo3.org/issues/66049

This issue concerning passing an array of objects to a controller action
should have been resolved in 7.x because the old property mapper has
been removed completely.

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "files": PHP Warning: spl_object_hash() expects parameter 1 to be object, null given in /usr/share/typo3/typo3_src-7.6.2/typo3/sysext/extbase/Classes/Persistence/ObjectStorage.php line 155 =
=============================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================

The solution is to add this in your form :
enctype="multipart/form-data".

::

     <f:form action="create" enctype="multipart/form-data" name="newObject" object="{newObject}">
     <f:render partial="Object/FormFields" />
       <f:form.submit value="Create new" />
     </f:form>

#1297759968: Exception while property mapping at property path "": Path does not exist in array
===============================================================================================

When resetting options in YAML config files for EXT:form write

::

    formEditor:
      editors:
        700: null

instead of

::

    formEditor:
      editors:
        700:
          identifier: null
          templateName: null
