.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1298012500
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

Exception message:

::

   #1298012500: Required argument "someRequest" is not set for Vnd\Extname\Controller\SomeController->submitData.

   TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Mvc\Controller\Exception\RequiredArgumentMissingException thrown in file
   .../typo3_src/typo3/sysext/extbase/Classes/Mvc/Controller/AbstractController.php in line 430.

This happens when an action method requires a parameter (e.g. domain
object), but the POST request did not contain those data.

This may happen when the form is submitted without filling any values.

Posted 25. June 2015
====================

| **PROBLEM**
| After **successfull** submission of the powermail form, I get this
  error:

::

   #1298012500: Required argument "mail" is not set. 

::

   Required argument "mail" is not set for In2code\Powermail\Controller\FormController->create.

| 
| **POSSIBLE CAUSE**
| My powermail form redirects to a thank you page. The base-url was set
  to non-www.
| e.g. config.baseURL = http://domain.tld/ [not available anymore]
| **SOLUTION**
| Change
| config.baseURL = http://domain.tld/ [not available anymore]
| To
| config.baseURL = http://**www.**\ domain.tld/
| See this page for details
| http://stackoverflow.com/a/31022725
| **ENVIRONMENT**
| Typo3, v6.2.13
| Powermail, v2.4.3
| realUrl v1.13.3
| PHP 5.5.x
| **OTHER THOUGHTS**
| After form completion, I use a redirect to another page. The redirect
  is related to config.baseURL. Maybe the error is not happening,
  without the redirect.
| **LINKS**
| http://stackoverflow.com/a/31022725
| https://forge.typo3.org/issues/66848

Posted earlier from somebody else
=================================

I got this error message with the extension "powermail"!

After having sent the message I receive an answer site. When I now
switch the language the erropr arrives:

#. 1298012500: Required argument "form" is not set. (More information)

TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Mvc\Controller\Exception\RequiredArgumentMissingException
thrown in file
/var/www/pathTo/typo3_src-6.2.12/typo3/sysext/extbase/Classes/Mvc/Controller/AbstractController.php
in line 425.

14
TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Mvc\Controller\AbstractController::mapRequestArgumentsToControllerArguments()

| 
| /var/www/avadis/html/typo3_src-6.2.12/typo3/sysext/extbase/Classes/Mvc/Controller/ActionController.php:

00148: call_user_func(array($this, $actionInitializationMethodName));
00149: }

00150: $this->mapRequestArgumentsToControllerArguments();

00151: $this->checkRequestHash(); 00152: $this->controllerContext =
$this->buildControllerContext();

| 
| 13
  TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Mvc\Controller\ActionController::processRequest(TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Mvc\Web\Request,
  TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Mvc\Web\Response)

| 
| /var/www/avadis/html/typo3_src-6.2.12/typo3/sysext/extbase/Classes/Mvc/Dispatcher.php:

00067: $controller = $this->resolveController($request); 00068: try {

00069: $controller->processRequest($request, $response);

00070: } catch (\TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Mvc\Exception\StopActionException
$ignoredException) { 00071: }
