.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1301648167
==========================

.. note::
   If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
   information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
   please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
   <docs-contribute-github-method>`!

Mountpoints and Shortcut Pages
==============================

If you have a shortcut page which links to "first subpage" and the first
subpage is a mountpoint, than you will run into this error.

Do not use "first subpage" if the first visible(!) subpage is a
mountpage. You can select the mountpage as shortcut target - just do not
use the automatic functions ("first subpage", "random subpage"...)

There is some info in this bug: https://forge.typo3.org/issues/14351
[not available anymore]

TYPO3 4.7.4

Realurl and Mountpoints
=======================

If you use realurl and mountpoints. It seems that RealUrl cannot/does
not remove the cache entries, if you change a mountpage to a normal
page. If you got this error, go to the mountpoint itself and remove all
cacheentries.

TYPO3 4.7.4, realurl 1.12.3

`Maholtz <https://wiki.typo3.org/User:Maholtz>`__ [deprecated wiki link]
(`talk <https://wiki.typo3.org/User_talk:Maholtz>`__ [deprecated wiki
link]) 10:55, 1 October 2012 (CEST)

addRootLineFields which are not available
=========================================

If you have set some additional fields in
*$TYPO3_CONF_VARS['FE']['addRootLineFields']* which not exists in the
database table *pages*. E.g. You've add realurl related fields in your
localconf.php, LocalConfiguration.php or ext_localconf.php, but forgot
to install ext:realurl or just forgot to do a *DB COMPARE*. If you got
this error, check if you have defined non-existent fields in your
*$TYPO3_CONF_VARS['FE']['addRootLineFields']* configuration.

TYPO3 CMS

TypoScript PAGE cObject is missing
==================================

In certain cases, it is possible that this error occurs, when the
necessary PAGE cObject (e.g. "page = PAGE") isn't available with the
requested typeNum. Check if your typoscript setup is completely loaded.

TYPO3 CMS
