.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1314516809
==========================

.. note::
   If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
   information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
   please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
   <docs-contribute-github-method>`!

Check case sensitivity setting in \`File storage\` record
=========================================================

Most problems rises when you are migrating from case-insensitive to
case-sensitive file system, or when auto-generated File Storage didn't
recognize case-sensitivity correctly.

In such situation created **File storage** saves file identifiers with
lower-case in DB and can't find files which has mixed case.

Solution
--------

-  Find all **File Storages** via module List on 'page zero' and on tab
   **Configuration** check the **Uses case sensitive identifiers**
   checkbox.

Other possibilities
===================

-  This error occurs when a media resource (image, PDF) is deleted from
   the server but remains linked via the "media" extension and FAL.

-  The message appears when the file is in the directory but not the
   record in the DB.

-  In my case happens when you upload a file with the name in uppercase.
   This is upload but the record is not created. Solution: delete the
   file from the directory and upload the file in lowercase (first check
   if setting case sensitivity in File Storage record doesn't help).

Situation: Upgrade from 6.1 to 6.2
==================================

This error occurs at this step of the upgrade process :

Migrate all RTE magic images from uploads/RTEmagicC_\* to
fileadmin/_migrated/RTE/

The solution is to update the general reference index (sys_refindex) via
the Typo3 Backend :

TYPO3 backend, ADMIN TOOLS > DB check > Manage Reference Index

(`Francois <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User:Francois&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]
(`talk <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User_talk:Francois&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]) 14:20, 1 June 2015 (CEST)) This didn't work for
me, because the problem was different: the migration wizard (rather
stupidly) takes the first File Storage that it finds. File Storages are
sorted by name. In my case, I happened to have some Storage which came
before the default one. When the update wizard tried to check if the
file had been moved properly, it couldn't find it in that Storage. My
workaround was to rename my default Storage to "00 - Default", which
made it the first to be retrieved.

Situation: Upgrade from 4.5 to 6.2
==================================

This error occurs at this step of the upgrade process:

Migrate file relations of tt_content uploads

It occurs for files containing latin characters (æ,ø,å,..). The solution
is to change default sys_file_storage (fileadmin/ (auto-created))
directly in DB. Field 'configuration' in XML text for variable for
'caseSensitive' set to '1'. Restart/continue migration.

Situation: Upgrading from very old DAM versions
===============================================

DAM versions up to 1.1.7 allowed users to circumvent TYPO3's file and
folder name sanitization, so users could enter files containing e.g.
space characters. While that may not have caused any issues on TYPO3
4.x, it will result in various obscure errors in 6.x, not just this
exception.

DAM 1.1.8 added sanitization but still failed to sanitize folder names
when renaming existing folders. This issue has been fixed later (at
latest on 1.2.4, exact release not identified yet).

As 1.1.8 fixed most of these issues and was released just one day (25
January 2011) before TYPO3 4.5 you should only encounter this issue on
very old TYPO3/DAM installations.

**Solution:** Identify all file paths containing spaces which are
currently in use (to keep amount of work low) via database and rename
them manually. Warn your editors to check file names if currently unused
files are affected (simply remove the ``number_of_references`` condition
below). Assuming reference index is reliable:

::

    SELECT * FROM sys_file WHERE identifier LIKE "% %" AND number_of_references > 0;

Situation: Entering Upgrade Wizard after upgrading to 8.7
=========================================================

Exception gets thrown when entering Upgrade Wizard:

::

   Uncaught TYPO3 Exception
   #1314516809: File /user_upload/niederlandistik/bilder/foto_ba\'s.JPG does not exist. (More information)

   InvalidArgumentException thrown in file
   /var/www/t3dev.uni-oldenburg.de/htdocs5/typo3_src-8.7.17/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Resource/Driver/LocalDriver.php in line 253.

   21 TYPO3\CMS\Core\Resource\Driver\LocalDriver::getFileInfoByIdentifier("/user_upload/niederlandistik/bilder/foto_ba\'s.JPG", array)

This is caused by
TYPO3\CMS\Form\Hooks\FormFileExtensionUpdate::checkForUpdate() getting
called, which calls
$persistenceManager->retrieveYamlFilesFromStorageFolders(). This seems
to iterate over all files (which is not really necessary in any case)

**See also:** https://forge.typo3.org/issues/85685

The file does exist (though the file name is unfortunate):

::

   ls -l fileadmin/user_upload/niederlandistik/bilder/foto_ba\\\'s.JPG 
   -rw-r-----. 1 user group 194414 Nov  1  2012 fileadmin/user_upload/niederlandistik/bilder/foto_ba\'s.JPG

**Concequence** Upgrade wizard no longer usable unless
FormFileExtensionUpdate is disabled or issue with this file is fixed.
Setting configuration presets from "Debug" to "Live" does not help.

**Important** Set configuration presets to "Debug" to see where problem
occurs (You should not do this in production system though).

**Workaround:**

For this specific case: (the exception may be caused by other things,
though)

-  "Fix" the filename.
-  Mark FormFileExtensionUpdate as done

These are workarounds, not solutions!!!

**Solution:**
