.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1317178604
==========================

.. note::
If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
<docs-contribute-github-method>`!

--`Infodesign@reinecke.de <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User:Infodesign@reinecke.de&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]
(`talk <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User_talk:Infodesign@reinecke.de&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]) 07:00, 30 July 2013 (CEST)

Typo3 CMS 6.1.2 filelist/fileadmin error while uploading a file again which has been deleted earlier in the same folder
=======================================================================================================================

| Having deleted a specific file before at the fileadmin it´s not
  possible to upload the same file again without error "No file found
  for given UID.".
| You can´t open the fileadmin folder containing the file once again
  uploaded afterwards. Same error message.
| My operating system (Ubuntu) tells me that the file has been uploaded
  successfully.
| At the sys_file table the misbehaving file´s entry shows "deleted = 1"
  before and after upload.
| Starting a scheduler task for removing the fileadmin´s garbage
  collection won´t help, neither after deletion nor after upload.
| I don´t know how to force the removal of such an incriminating
  sys_file entry by any normal Typo3 function.
| My Solution: Deleting the sys_file entry of that file via phpMyadmin.
| This is forcing Typo3 fileadmin to create a new sys_file entry with a
  different uid. Now the folder and it´s content are available again.
| Don´t know, whether this is the right place for a bug report -
  hopefully!
| Edit: Related to `Bug #50508 <https://forge.typo3.org/issues/50508>`__

TYPO3 CMS 6.2.x - happened when a tt_news entry had an non-existing image in the bodytext
=========================================================================================

For some reason the preview did still exist and was shown in BE when
editing the news record. But in FE this lead to the exception, because
the sys_file record was not there anymore.

EXT:solr + EXT:solrfal
======================

The exception happened when initializing fileadmin/ queue. File record
was missing in sys_file but existed in sys_file_reference and
sys_file_processedfile. The following SQL helped:

delete from sys_file_reference where uid_local not in (select uid from
sys_file); truncate sys_file_processedfile;

Also the exception happened when there are non-existing files for
indexing in tx_solr_indexqueue_file and the tecords are not deleted with
"Clear Index Queue" for unkown reason. So this SQL helped:

truncate tx_solr_indexqueue_file;
