.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1318283565
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

Package: TYPO3

Subpackage: rsaauth

Versions: 1.2.0 -

Class: tx_rsaauth_loginformhook

Method: getLoginFormTag()

Author: Steffen Gebert

Message: No OpenSSL backend could be obtained for rsaauth.

Description: Login into TYPO3 is not possible anymore, as no OpenSSL
backend for rsaauth is available.

Solutions
=========

-  Activate and configure (on Windows) the PHP module openssl
-  Configure rsaauth to use the openssl executable inside localconf.php

   -  Set $TYPO3_CONF_VARS['SYS']['binSetup'] to the executable. E.g.
      'openssl=C:/ ... /openssl.exe'
   -  If your path to openssl.exe contains blanks, make sure to quote
      the openssl parameter, e.g. 'openssl="C:/ ... /openssl.exe"'

-  Set $TYPO3_CONF_VARS[TYPO3_mode]['loginSecurityLevel'] to 'normal'
   instead of 'rsa' (replace TYPO3_mode with BE or FE) and set the hash
   of your user account's password to the md5 hashed value of your
   password. This way you can at least access your installation. Please
   be aware that this is a bad idea and disabling
   rsaauth/saltedpasswords results in all your passwords being unusable,
   until openssl is available.

Windows 7 and Xampp
-------------------

Assuming you installed Xampp into C:\xampp:

-  Activate the PHP module openssl in C:\xampp\php\php.ini. Look for
   this line:

::

    ;extension=php_openssl.dll

-  Load fileinfo module as well. Look for this line and uncomment it:

::

    ;extension=php_fileinfo.dll

-  Add an environment variable "OPENSSL_CONF" with value
   C:\xampp\apache\conf\openssl.cnf. Press "Win + PAUSE" to go to the
   System window. In the left sidebar are the system settings.
-  Either set $TYPO3_CONF_VARS['SYS']['binSetup'] to
   'openssl=C:\xampp\apache\bin\openssl.exe' or append
   C:\xampp\apache\bin to the environment variable PATH (will work for
   every PHP script not only TYPO3)

   -  If your path to openssl.exe contains blanks, make sure to quote
      the openssl parameter, e.g. 'openssl="C:/ ... /openssl.exe"'

-  Restart Apache
-  If Apache won't start, deactivate the apache ssl module (php has its
   own) in C:\xampp\apache\conf\httpd.conf like so:

::

    #LoadModule ssl_module modules/mod_ssl.so

and near the end of the file:

::

    #Include conf/extra/httpd-ssl.conf

-  Copy "libeay32.ddl" and "ssleay32.dll" from C:\xampp\php\\ to
   C:\xampp\apache\bin\\

Helpful links (German)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  http://blog.joergboesche.de/xampp-1-7-7-apachephp-openssl-modul-workaround-gegen-abstuerze
-  http://praxistipps.chip.de/typo3-lokal-unter-windows-installieren-so-gehts_33260

Helpful links (English)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24140956/xampp-3-2-1-and-typo3-6-2-openssl-not-working

Solution for Windows 10 with XAMPP
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I have a 64-bit Windows 10 laptop upon which I installed XAMPP and TYPO3
v8.7.10. For days I struggled with the following message during TYPO3
install cited as a catastrophic failure under "System Environment"
evaluations:

PHP OpenSSL extension not working Something went wrong while trying to
create a new private key for testing. Please check the integration of
the PHP OpenSSL extension and if it is installed correctly.

Finally, after trying all kind of OpenSSL-related installation
verifications, I found a solution at this link ...
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4719939/xampp-openssl-errors-when-calling-openssl-pkey-new?rq=1
...

At the bottom it said; "...start apache using the xampp/apache_start.bat
NOT THE XAMPP CONTROL PANEL (its strange that when started from the
control panel it doesn't work [maybe a current directory problem])".

After launching apache with xampp/apache_start.bat, I could launch
everything else (esp. MySQL) using the XAMPP Control Panel, which did
detect Apache was already running. Next, I returned to TYPO3 8.7.10
install checks, and the OpenSSL problem was gone!

I do not know what is the difference (directory spec or what?) between
XAMPP Control Panel and xampp/apache_start.bat.

Debian Squeeze/Wheezy
---------------------

| Got error after installation of Redmine on Debian (amd64).
| Typo3 is version : 6.1.0.
| I upgraded to version 6.1.5 trying to solve my pb.
| apt-get didn't want to reinstall package openssl (says "unable to find
  source package").
| Solution came when i installed it manually with dpkg -i from :
| http://ftp.us.debian.org/debian/pool/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8o-4squeeze14_amd64.deb
  [not available anymore]
| Which was the version i needed.
| Hope it helps.

| Alternative solution for error "PHP OpenSSL extension not working:
  Something went wrong while trying to create a new private key for
  testing ..." on Debian Wheezy using PHP 5.5 FPM with login spinning
  forever after updating Typo3 to 6.2.11: Setting 'loginSecurityLevel'
  => 'normal' in LocalConfiguration helped temporarily for the login
  issue, but real "solution" was to give everyone read rights on
  /etc/ssl/openssl.cnf as this seems to be needed by PHP's
  openssl_pkey_new():
| chmod a+r /etc/ssl/openssl.cnf

::

   I got this error when i had the directory /etc/ssl owned by root and no read access for www-data (apache2)
   Ron [deprecated wiki link]
