.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1319455097
==========================

.. note::
   If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
   information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
   please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
   <docs-contribute-github-method>`!

Issue occurs because of offline filestorage
===========================================

Go to page 0 and check your file storage records. If they are offline at
the moment, set them online. After saving check whether they are still
offline. If this is the case, check whether the defined file path exists
on the system. TYPO3 will set file storages offline if they can't be
"mounted" because they are not there.

After the folder exists and the record is set to online, the issue
should be solved in most cases.

Possible second solution
========================

2st step
--------

*Oops, an error occurred!* Error while fetching permissions for More
information regarding this error might be available online.

exception raised in the upgrade wizard from Version 4.5.29 LTS to 6.2.2
LTS. **Step: "Migrate all file links of RTE-enabled fields to FAL"**

no error messages appeared in /var/log/apache/error_log

I found the solution;-) I had a new file storage in fileadmin which was
automatically created by the upgrade process.

how to solve this; go to your mysql database; use <your typo3 DB> select
uid, name from sys_file_storage;

find entries which are new and not necessary! (be very careful - this
could destroy your typo3 installation!!)

delete from sys_file_storage where uid = xxx;

done ;-) Leo

2nd step
--------

In addition to what Leo did, i had to open the filelist-module, with a
non-admin user, which has some filemounts in the auto-created
fileadmin/-storage (the only storage left for me).
--`Csehrt <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User:Csehrt&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]
(`talk <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User_talk:Csehrt&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]) 20:10, 12 August 2014 (CEST)

one more
--------

I had to delete migrated entries in the table sys_file_storage

4) if steps 2 - 3 above does not fit to you problem
---------------------------------------------------

You have only ONLY one auto-created FAL Entry after Upgrade from 6.0/6.1
to 6.2.x? (so deleting of other entries does not help?= For me it helped
to fix the autocreated FAL entry: I activated "Is default storage?" and
entered a folder to "Folder for manipulated and temporary images etc."

5th
---

| It maybe connected to unicode file names handling - it can happen with
  names like Økonomi.jpg. If you have such file in folder then you can
  have following error message: #1319455097: Error while fetching
  permissions for .../fileadmin/.../konomi.jpg
| So in this case check 2 things:
| 1) Settings in config should contain:
| [SYS][UTF8filesystem] = true
| [SYS][systemLocale] = 'en_US.utf8'
| 2) See in server's shell whether your file system supports
  unicode/utf-8 names, using for example command 'locale'

.. _th-1:

6th
---

UTF-8 named files may become damaged/mangled upon transferring them via
(S)FTP. For example using Transmit/Coda between OS X and a linux server.
Use scp, rsync or lftp to transfer such files. Alternatively, also
compressing them in a tar.gz for the move may
help.-`ursbraem <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User:Ursbraem&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]

.. _th-2:

7th
---

Problem occurred for me after updating from TYPO3 6.2.10 to 6.2.11 and
6.2.12 – contrary to https://forge.typo3.org/issues/58403#note-3 I
re-created a file storage for ``/``, but without setting it as standard
(``fileadmin/`` is still the standard storage). The problem seems to be
solved and I haven't found any new ones yet.

simple solution
===============

This exception hit me hard when I created a storage element in the
Backend of a fresh installed 7.2, but did not create the corresponding
directory in the filesystem.

Migrate all RTE magic images from uploads/RTEmagicC_\* to fileadmin/_migrated/RTE/
==================================================================================

Got this exception during update 4.5.40 to 6.2.12 at "Migrate all RTE
magic images from uploads/RTEmagicC_\* to fileadmin/_migrated/RTE/". =>
It turned out that the issue is fixed by the first solution listed here:
delete unwanted entries from sys_file_storage (in my case only
/fileadmin should remain in sys_file_storage).

Remove /uploads from filemounts
===============================

I simply had to remove the uploads-folder from filemounts, log out and
log in. Voilà.
`User:pragmas <https://wiki.typo3.org/wiki/index.php?title=User:Pragmas&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
[deprecated wiki link]
