.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1320286857
==========================

.. note::
If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
<docs-contribute-github-method>`!

File-Record-Wizard

--------------

This error occurs e.g. when a file-name contains an umlaut. By removing
the umlaut this can fix this issue. However, if it doesn't check the
other posted solutions in this entry.

| 
| RTE

--------------

I've got this error since some weeks, when I try to create a link to a
file or folder inside RTE. Links to email or pages work fine. I had that
problem with 6.2 and now after upgrade also with 7.6.15.

| 
| I noticed this issue when RTE had an incorrect link:

<link ../fileadmin/user_upload/documents/myhomeplan.pdf>

TYPO3 specifically reported that the file path is incorrect and that
".." and "//" are not allowed in the begining of file path.

This happened for us after we migrated from 4.5.x to 4.6.x.

Table that was affected: "tt_content"

Field where issue was noticed: "bodytext"

FIX: "remove the invalid character manually using DB"

Other possible places where this issue can be noticed:

-  Can affect: Any table, ex: news, tt_news etc...
-  Sometimes, we may even get into this situation when the file in
   question has been renamed/moved/missing.

SOLUTION:

Sadly when this issue happens, RTE failed to load. So, the only option I
had was to correct the path directly in the DB using "phpmyadmin".

In my case it was "tt_content" table and the field that had isue was
"bodytext"

RTE// CKEditor with Core v9+

--------------

This issue occurred to me by misusing the "softref" config within the
bodytext TCA configuration in an override. (in my concrete example)

This Bug behaved like the following with the relevant content in line 1
of the bodytext editor input:

-  Saving 'test test' -> works
-  Saving 'testtest' -> error
-  Saving 'test' -> error

When 'softref' is set to e.g. the 'bodytext' field, the DataHandler
calls 'updateRefIndexTable' of the ReferenceIndex. The Stacktrace lead
through the SoftReferenceIndex and its 'getTypoLinkParts' function.
There the TypoLinkCodecService is calle with '->decode(...)' This
functionality is used to resolve links, while it splits on spaces This
is the reason why 'testtest' fails and 'test test' does not. 'testtest'
gets wrapped with it's p-Tags and results in invalid linkhandling while
'test test' gets split into '< p > test' which is not correct, but does
not throw an exception.

| 
| STudio26

--------------

I got this error when upgrading from 4.5 to 6.2 with the uprade wizard.

I ran a DB check and it solved the prblem for me. I then restarted the
wizard and could go forward.

Mygoddess

--------------

I also got this error when upgrading from 4.5 to 6.2 (starting from a
4.3 but not relevent)

In this case I recommend to perform a manual update of the reference
index in the 4.5 context. Then look in the reference index for
occurrences of ".." and "//" when @softref_key = 'typolink_tag' AND
ref_table = '_FILE'@. It will give you the pattern to match. Typical
patterns are "../fileadmin" or "uploads/tx_extension//filename.ext". The
first pattern need correction in the original field too. The second
needs correction in the extension tca. I also encountered links like
"../?../" path is in deleted state.
