.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1342432101
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

Cause: This error can happened after updating extension list from TER
(corrupted entries, error during download, ...).

Consequence: Extensions are stored multiple times in
tx_extensionmanager_domain_model_extension table with different
versions.

How to solve: This example uses paymentlib. Replace "paymentlib" with
the extension key from your error message. Search all your files
"ext_emconf.php" of all folders under ext (local or global) for a
dependency from the extension key given in the error message.
'constraints' => array( 'depends' => array( 'php' => '5.1.2-0.0.0',
'paymentlib' => '0.3.2-', ), ...

Add an additional end version number, e.g. '0.0.0', to the end of the
version dependency.

'paymentlib' => '0.3.2-0.0.0',

You can truncate tx_extensionmanager_domain_model_extension table and
re-download extension list from TER.

If the problem persists, remove all old entries in
tx_extensionmanager_domain_model_extension table of the extension which
is concerned.

Make a SQL query in your records:

SELECT \* FROM \`tx_extensionmanager_domain_model_extension\` WHERE
serialized_dependencies LIKE '%paymentlib%' If you get many records
listed, which is the case for static_info_tables, then you must add the
extensions which you use on your site:

SELECT \* FROM \`tx_extensionmanager_domain_model_extension\` WHERE
serialized_dependencies LIKE '%paymentlib%' AND extension_key IN
('tt_address', 'tt_products', 'tt_news')

Use a list of the extensions found inside of the typo3conf/ext folder.

Then step through the dependencies of the extensions on TER which did
require the same extension paymentlib. Remove the line
paymentlib_quickpay from the table
tx_extensionmanager_domain_model_extension or remove that extension from
your local TYPO3 environment. Unfortunately you cannot edit the wrong
version settings of the extension on TER. Therefore you must remove this
extension until the extension author will upload a fixed version of it.
