.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1365429673
==========================

.. note::
If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
<docs-contribute-github-method>`!

Error message
=============

::

   Oops, an error occurred!
   TYPO3 Fatal Error: Extension key "sphinx" is NOT loaded!

Solutions
=========

Disable the extension manually
------------------------------

Open ``typo3conf/PackageStates.php``, look up the extension key and
change

::

   'state' => 'active'

to

::

   'state' => 'inactive'

You might also need to clear the PHP code cache in ``typo3temp``:

::

   $ rm -rf typo3temp/*

Observations
============

Using a Vagrant with TYPO3 6.2beta6 we had this problem

vagrant reload --provision did not help.

Frontend is working fine but you can't login to the backend!

My solution: You can check in the Typo3 Datebase Table sys_log which
exception is thrown Now find the offending extension in
LocalConfiguration.php and set the

::

    'state' => 'inactive',

Now clear the cache directory in typo3temp/Cache and you should be able
to login again

--------------

This could also happen when you attempt to unpack a .tar.gz packed
version of TYPO3 and run it's installer over an previously
composer-style-installed instance. The install-tool then havocs the
PackageStates.php, trying to recover the old version did help in my
case. For me the extension cms was affected. This happens during an
update from TYPO3 6.2 to 7.1 or later. You must search for the following
array part or add it to your file PackageStates.php:

::

      'cms' =>
      array (
        'manifestPath' => ,
        'composerName' => 'typo3/cms',
        'state' => 'active',
        'packagePath' => 'typo3/sysext/cms/',
        'classesPath' => 'Classes/',
        'suggestions' =>
        array (
        ),
      ),

back from TYPO3 7.6.x
---------------------

The following error message is shown when you downgrade from TYPO3 7.6
to 6.2.

::

      TYPO3 Fatal Error: Extension key "cms" is NOT loaded

You must have a backup copy of the file typo3conf/PackageStates.php .
Restore a file PackageStates.php which is compatible under TYPO3 6.2.
