.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1365429656
==========================

.. note::
   If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
   information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
   please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
   <docs-contribute-github-method>`!

TYPO3 >= 10 LTS
===============

Starting with TYPO3 10 LTS the variable $_EXTKEY isn't filled with the
extension key anymore. Solution: use the hardcoded extension key within
ext_tables.php and ext_localconf.php.

See this page for further details:
`best-practices-for-ext-tables-php-and-ext-localconf-php <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/master/en-us/ExtensionArchitecture/ConfigurationFiles/Index.html#best-practices-for-ext-tables-php-and-ext-localconf-php>`__

However, notice that $_EXTKEY `must be used in
ext_emconf.php <https://github.com/TYPO3/CmsComposerInstallers/pull/59>`__.

.. _typo3-10-lts-1:

TYPO3 < 10 LTS
==============

This error might come up, if you delete the files of a Extension from
the Extension Path (*typo3conf/ext*), which is still activated in TYPO3.

**At first you should check, if there is a typo in the name of the
extension key.**

To solve this error, follow these steps:

*(Info: These steps will remove the installed Extensions from the
"loaded Extension list" and TYPO3 cache.)*

1) remove the Extension from the loaded Extension part in
*typo3conf/LocalConfiguration.php* -
array([EXT][extConf][*your_extension_key*])

2) remove either all files from typo3temp-folder, or at least the files
in *typo3temp/var/Cache/Code/cache_core* named *ext_tables*.php* and
*ext_localconf*.php*. In former versions of TYPO3 the folder name is
*typo3temp/var/Cache/Code/cache_core*.

The error should be gone by now and the extension is removed. Reinstall
the extension if needed.

You can execute the following php file "clear_cache_franz.php" directly
from your fileadmin folder as
http://www.mydomain.com/fileadmin/clear_cache_franz.php . Then
everything will be restored automatically.

`clear_cache_franz.php <http://www.jambage.com/fileadmin/user_upload/clear_cache_franz.php.zip>`__
[not available anymore]

Also this error might come up if you restructure your TCA files to fit
into the new 6.2 structure. If you try to use $_EXTKEY in the
Configuration/TCA/tablename.php files (for paths with
extPath($_EXTKEY)), then $_EXTKEY will be empty and thus TYPO3 looks for
the extension ' '. Solution is to replace $_EXTKEY by the extkey of the
extension.

If you encounter this error during an upgrade to 6.2, you might check
your *LocalConfiguration.php* for the right order of extensions in the
deprecated *extListArray*. (e.g. *EXT:formhandler* has to be included
before *EXT:formhandler_subscription*.)
