.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1375955684
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

::

   #1375955684: You are not allowed to access the given folder

   TYPO3\CMS\Core\Resource\Exception\InsufficientFolderAccessPermissionsException thrown in file
   /srv/typo3/typo3_src-6.0.9/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Resource/ResourceStorage.php in line 730.

This exception occurs when file action permissions are not correct. It
may occur after an upgrade due to security bulletin
`core-sa-2013-003 <https://typo3.org/teams/security/security-bulletins/typo3-core/typo3-core-sa-2013-003/>`__

-  …and not following the given advices (clear cache, deleting the
   complete »typo3temp/Cache« folder, set storage file permissions) - in
   this case follow the instructions in the bulletin
-  …and deleting the complete »typo3temp« folder → in this case see bug
   `51747 <https://forge.typo3.org/issues/51747>`__, manually creating
   the folder »typo3temp/_processed_« seems to fix the problem for most
   people.

Exception when calling the language module
==========================================

If you encounter this exception when calling the language module in
6.1.4 => try to update to 6.1.5 or later.

Exception Scheduler calling: File Abstraction Layer: Indexing job (scheduler)
=============================================================================

::

   #1375955684: You are not allowed to access the given folder

**Solution:** check that user **\_cli_scheduler** has **File Mounts** to
all storages on **root level /**

This also applies to indexing content with ke_search.

Exception when calling search in the file list module
=====================================================

-  If this occurs as editor (not admin), you are using TYPO3 9.5 and you
   are directly on the top level directory of a file mount, it may be
   due to this bug: https://forge.typo3.org/issues/88175

Exception when calling the file list module
===========================================

you may have switched your file storage to offline. This may happen, if
you create a non-public file storage without a ``_processed_`` subfolder
and if you then switch to file list. The ``_processed_`` subfolder will
be created by TYPO3, but the exception is not caught and the storage is
set to offline.

**Solution:** Edit your "File Storage" record -> Tab "Access" -> Is
online? [x]

Then switch back to the file list and either reload the file list frame
or logout/relogin.

Exception, when trying to select a file in tce_forms
====================================================

Look for something like this in the Page / User / Group TS and prefix
the folder with the correct storage

::

   # fails
   options.folderTree.altElementBrowserMountPoints = assets
   # works, as subfolder of storage 1, which is by default the fileadmin folder
   options.folderTree.altElementBrowserMountPoints = 1:assets

Exception after cloning a 6.2 site when calling the file list module
====================================================================

The fileadmin folder had been (deliberately) replaced by another one.
Then, the page tree column displayed this error - only that 2nd column.
In the third column, the files were displayed as usual. None of the
above helped, but truncating all sys_file.. tables did. In my case, that
was feasible.

Exception after viewing the TYPO3 frontend in a browser (you are not allowed to access the given folder: "_processed_")
=======================================================================================================================

The auto-created fileadmin folder had been put offline. Re-enabling the
folder fixes the issue.

Exception when deleting file as non admin user (You are not allowed to access the given folder: "")
===================================================================================================

If sys extension recycler is enabled, make sure that there is a
**\_recycler\_** folder accessible for the user.
