.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1382276561
==========================

Dear creators of TYPO3: please allow me to use composer in my own
projects.

The error I am getting is:

::

     The package "sv" depends on "sysextcore" which is not present in the system.

Just let me include my own vendor autoload and leave me alone with these
errors.

**Solution: Deleting typo3conf/PackageStates.php**

Upgrading from 6.2 to 7 LTS, I had this problem too. Deleting
typo3conf/PackageStates.php helped me. PackageStates.php will regenerate
itself.

**Solution**

::

     I had the same problem, edit composer.json (or PackageStates.php) file in typo3conf and delete sections "extra", "replace", "autoload" and "autoload-dev".

Same problem while updating static_info_tables on TYPO3 6.2.19

::

     #1382276561: The package "static_info_tables_de" depends on "sjbr/static_info_tables" which is not present in the system. (More information)

Problem under TYPO3 8.7.19

::

     The package "static_info_tables_de" depends on "typo3/cms-core" which is not present in the system.

UnexpectedValueException thrown in file
/html/typo3_src-6.2.19/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Package/DependencyResolver.php
in line 140.

EM is no longer available.

**Solution** Clear system caches

**Solution** The cache cannot be cleared, because both the TYPO3 backend
and the TYPO3 install tool are not available any more. Open the file
typo3conf/PackageStates.php and remove the part which belongs to the
extension which requires the missing extension. If everything is finally
restored, then you can install this extension again manually.

**Solution** If deleting PackageStates.php is no option, try using the
typo3cms console to install an extension which is already installed.
That should fix it.

**Solution** Edit the file PackagesStates.php under TYPO3 8.7 and remove
the part of the extension which produces this PHP exception error:

::

       'static_info_tables_de' => [
          'packagePath' => 'typo3conf/ext/static_info_tables_de/',
       ],

**Solution** Dependencies are resolved before the message is generated,
so if the message reads

::

       The package "my_extensions_2" depends on "fluidcontent" which is not present in the system.

and "my_extensions_2" does not directly depend on "fluidcontent", it
will depend on another extension e.g. "my_extensions_1" which will
depend on "fluidcontent" (or another extension still).
