.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1396795884
==========================

.. note::
If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
<docs-contribute-github-method>`!

Error displayed during installation of TYPO3
============================================

Usually, when installing a new TYPO3 instance, the system will detect
the instance has not been configured yet and will redirect to the
installer to proceed with the installation. However, depending on web
server configuration, this trusted hosts pattern error may still be
thrown and the redirect will not be performed. An easy way to circumvent
this is to just manually add the path url »typo3/install.php« in the
browser to directly reach the installer, which will take care of the
trusted hosts pattern setting in one of its installer steps.

Error displayed on an existing instance
=======================================

You see this error, because the submitted HTTP host-header does not
match the trustedHosts configuration. You may want to adjust the trusted
host pattern, which is security mechanism to validate the HTTP
host-header and prevent host spoofing.

Please read the `security advisory
»TYPO3-CORE-SA-2014-001« <https://typo3.org/teams/security/security-bulletins/typo3-core/typo3-core-sa-2014-001/>`__
to understand the need for this configuration option.

The trusted host pattern may be set with the Install Tool (Backend >
Install Tool > All configuration > Toggle all and find
trustedHostsPattern) or by editing »/typo3conf/LocalConfiguration.php«

::

   $GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['SYS']['trustedHostsPattern']

This is a regular expression pattern that matches all allowed hostnames
(including their ports) of this TYPO3 installation, or the string
"SERVER_NAME" (default). The default value SERVER_NAME checks if the
HTTP Host header equals the SERVER_NAME and SERVER_PORT. This is secure
in correctly configured hosting environments and does not need further
configuration.

Under certain circumstances, it might be required to change the default
configuration. A typical case is a hosting setup with a Load Balancer,
CDN or a HA proxy.

Typical configuration examples
------------------------------

The following matches all hosts that end with **.domain.com** with all
corresponding subdomains:

::

   .*\.domain\.com

A common setup could include the leading **www.** (optional):

::

   (www\.)?domain\.com

The following matches all hosts with subdomains under **.domain.com**
and **.otherdomain.com**:

::

   (.*\.domain|.*\.otherdomain)\.com

Be aware that HTTP Host header may also contain **a port**. If your
installation runs on a specific port, you need to explicitly allow this
in your pattern. To allows only www.domain.com:88, not www.domain.com,
you could configure:

::

   www\.domain\.com:88

To disable this check completely (not recommended because it is
insecure) you can use ".*" as pattern:

::

   .*

Extension 'hosts_pattern'
=========================

Take a look at the extension 'hosts_pattern' which generates the
patterns for you

-  https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/hosts_pattern/
