.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1417988921
==========================

Workaround
==========

Create your first page in the List-tab. Afterwards it will work in the
Page-tab too. Copied from this german thread:
https://forum.typo3.org/index.php/t/210486/

Other Workaround, which applies for 7.4.0:

-  Export (to .t3d) a single leaf page from another TYPO3 CMS instance
   (mine was 6.2)
-  Right click root element in page tree => Import from .t3d (I imported
   only page properties)
-  Now I can append other pages to that page by using the "New"
   operation (which failed before)
-  I can even add pages (with "New" to the root element which did not
   work before.

Still, none of my pages is tagged as "Use as Root Page" in page
properties/"Behaviour" => It does not have to do with "Root Page".
Instead, at least one page must exist to get rid of the Bug (as a
workaround).

Limitation: When I delete all pages in the page tree, and then try to
right-click-"New" => I hit the error again. Basically this means that
this workaround only works as long as you don't delete all pages.

See https://forge.typo3.org/issues/66704. When there is a fix available
and released, an update should do.

| --`An0ther-adm1n </wiki/index.php?title=User:An0ther-adm1n&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
  [deprecated wiki link]
  (`talk </wiki/index.php?title=User_talk:An0ther-adm1n&action=edit&redlink=1>`__
  [deprecated wiki link]) 14:20, 15 November 2015 (CET)
| system: FAMP (10.2 / 2.4 / 5.6 / 5.6)
| typo3: 7.4.0
| none of the above worked for me:

-  it's ignoring the input, and drops a log
-  Attempt to insert record on page '[root-level]' (0) where this table,
   tt_content, is not allowed (msg#1.1.11)

-  the form is opened, but when saving ajax flashes a red div that says:
-  SQL error: 'Incorrect integer value: *for column 'content_from_pid'
   at row 1' (pages:NEW56488561b8cf49.40165590)*

-  use the drag & drop menu in the upper left to create new pages by
   dragging to the page tree
-  But is like before: I only can create pages by drag and drop
