.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1425389455
==========================

.. note::
If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
<docs-contribute-github-method>`!

Error message:

::

   Oops, an error occurred!
   Invalid request for route "/record/edit"

Hi there,

I got this exception after I installed the extensions autoloader and faq
on my local TYPO3 7.6 installation and created a page on which I put the
faq plugin. To get back to work I hat to clear the whole
typo3temp-folder to be able to login into my TYPO3 an deinstall the
extensions.

Thank you very much for your help in advance, regards Thorsten Griebenow

autoloader v1.10.0 faq v1.0.0

--------------

Hello,

I encountered this error and I can't think of what might have caused it.
I haven't installed any extensions recently. Only changes I've done to
my TYPO3 site were related to editing.

To fix the problem, I entered the install tool and cleared all caches.
Then I was able to log in as usual.

Invalid request for route "/main"
=================================

This may happen if you are in Development context and your backend
session times out. The token in the url will no longer be valid after
you session has expired. This error may also popup if you try to
re-login after your session timed out. There is a bug report open here:
https://forge.typo3.org/issues/69763
