.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1439552058
==========================

.. note::
   If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
   information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
   please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
   <docs-contribute-github-method>`!

Hi, I tried to install the "doc_tut_templating" extension in TYPO3 7.6.6
running locally under WAMP. After doing so, when I try to open
Extensions, I get the message

::

   "The extension "doc_tut_templating" has invalid version constraints in depends section. Extension key is missing! More information regarding this error might be available online => reference to this exeception.

Only after manually removing the extension from \\www\typo3conf\ext\\
can I access my extensions again.

Other extensions work fine and "doc_tut_templating" is said to be stable
and verified with version 7 so I don't know what can be wrong here?

kind regards, Marc

**Solution:**

This is a known issue and it also can happen with other extensions, see
here: [ERROR: Cannot get content for issue "75979"]

-  To fix this, go to your TYPO3 Installation directory, go to
   "typo3conf/ext/doc_tut_templating" and edit "ext_emconf.php" and
   delete the line in the ``depends`` section, which neither contains
   any extension key nor any version, but only an empty array key with
   empty array value (``' ' => ' ',``). In my case this was line 31. ->
   Save the file.
-  After this go to your TYPO3 backend, go to the "extensions"
   subcategory and enable "Templating Tutorial doc_tut_templating 1.1.0"
   by clicking the box in front of this entry.
-  Refresh your page, and you should be fine.

Kind regards, Helge

I found it confusing between finding the "doc_tut_templating" in the
distribution tab and the "activating" of the extension
"doc_tut_templating" in the extension tab. So first I found the
distribution, then edited the file as mentioned by Helge and finally I
activated it in a the installed extensions tab. Hope that helps.

Kind regards, Luke

Unfortunately there are no tutorial pages inserted, if I follow the
procedure of Helge. Kind regards, Andreas
