.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1476107295
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

Permission denied
=================

.. code-block:: text

   PHP Warning: session_start(): failed: Permission denied (13)

Solution
--------

Can be fixed by deleting all :file:`sess_` files in the :file:`temp` folder or by creating the
folder by hand (if it doesn't exist).

On logging into the backend
===========================

After upgrading from TYPO3 v7.6.23 to TYPO3 v8.7.9, I am getting this
error most of the time that I login to the backend.

Solution
--------

After I delete the folder :file:`var` in :file:`typo3temp`, the next backend login succeeds.


case 2:

.. code-block:: text

   #1476107295: PHP Warning: include(/var/www/html/foobar/typo3_src-8.7.29/vendor/composer/../psr/http-message/src/UriInterface.php): failed to open stream: Bad message in /var/www/html/foobar/typo3_src-8.7.29/vendor/composer/ClassLoader.php line 444 (More information)

Solution
--------

Check your file system at the folder given in the error message and run

.. code-block:: bash

   sudo fsck -cfk /dev/sda2

where dev/sda2 is the corrupted disk.

PHP Warning: Illegal offset type
================================

.. code-block:: text

   PHP Warning: Illegal offset type in
   typo3/sysext/rte_ckeditor/Classes/Controller/BrowseLinksController.php
   line 234

(TYPO3 v8.7) The error occurred in CKEditor Rich Text Editor while setting
a link. This was caused by the page TSconfig for the old rte html
Editor. After deleting the page TSconfig for the old RTE everything works as
expected again.

Using sb_portfolio2
===================

.. code-block:: text

   1476107295: PHP Warning: Declaration of
   Tx_SbPortfolio2_Domain_Repository_CategoryRepository::findByTags(Tx_SbPortfolio2_Domain_Model_Tag
   $tag) should be compatible with
   Tx_SbPortfolio2_Domain_Repository_CoreRecordRepository::findByTags($tag,
   array $portSetup) in
   7/typo3conf/ext/sb_portfolio2/Classes/Domain/Repository/CategoryRepository.php
   line 0 (More information)

The error occurs if the function in a extended class has different
arguments

Vhs ScriptViewHelper
====================

I'm getting this error after the update from TYPO3 v8.7 to v9.5 while
rendering a template which contains JavaScript in the
:php:`\FluidTYPO3\Vhs\ViewHelpers\Asset\ScriptViewHelper`.

Upgrading from TYPO3 8 to 9
===========================

After upgrading from TYPO3 v8 to v9 I got this error because PHP Cache is
loading the files out of the old TYPO3 v8 source dir. After removing the
old :file:`typo3_src-8.x.x` dir or reloading the webserver the paths are
correct.

PHP Warning: key() expects parameter 1  to be array, string given in ConditionMatcher.php
=========================================================================================

.. code-block:: text

   PHP Warning: key() expects parameter 1 to be array, string given in
   /home/host/data/www/typo3_src-9.5.9/typo3/sysext/backend/Classes/Configuration/TypoScript/ConditionMatching/ConditionMatcher.php


It is happened because of my :php:`_GP('edit')` coincided with
:php:`$editStatement = GeneralUtility::_GP('edit');`.

My solution: I change from "edit" to "redact", now I do not get this
error.

PHP version to high
===================

Got this error because PHP version was higher (7.3.8) than supported by
Ext:mask. No problems under PHP 7.2.21.


PHP Warning: preg_match(): Compilation failed: regular expression is too large
==============================================================================

.. code-block:: text

   "Uncaught TYPO3 Exception: #1476107295: PHP Warning: preg_match():
   Compilation failed: regular expression is too large at offset 27 in
   /html/typo3/typo3_src-9.5.22/typo3/sysext/frontend/Classes/ContentObject/ContentObjectRenderer.php


Reason
------

Ext. news: An editor created a text in a news-article (RTE) with
**only 1 (ONE) paragraph**. In the raw data, there was no html-tag, only
the beginning :html:`<p>` and the ending :html:`</p>` and the text had more than
**3410 letters**

Solution
--------

After splitting this ONE paragraph into 3 paragraphs, the above
mentioned error was gone

Calling typo3/sysext/core/bin/typo3 scheduler:run from CLI:
===========================================================

.. code-block:: text

   Array and string offset access syntax with curly braces is deprecated in
   (...)/typo3_src-9.5.9/vendor/typo3/phar-stream-wrapper/src/PharStreamWrapper.php
   line 479

Solution
--------

Disable Debug Mode

Extension gridelements in debug mode
====================================

When gridelements is enabled in debug mode, this error comes currently
in v10.4.12 - disable the extension, when you are in debug mode and you are
good to go.



PHP Warning: Undefined array key "<field>" in ControllerName.php
===============================================================================

Using TYPO3 v11 with PHP 8 this error occurs because of misconfiguration of an
extension due to changes from PHP 7.4 to 8.x. It can happen when an extension
is not migrated to work with PHP 8.x. Please contact the developer to fix this
issue, or fix it by yourself if it is your own extension. (See below)

Solution
--------

Check your TCA configuration, inside the :php:`ctrl` section columns might be referenced which have not been defined in :php:`columns`, e.g. `hidden`.

Remove the offending entry in your :php:`ctrl` section or add the missing column to :php:`columns`.


PHP Warning: file_exists(): open_basedir restriction in effect. File(/typo3temp/assets/js/<something>.js) is not within the allowed path(s)
============================================================================================================================================

Happens after Updating from TYPO3 v11.5.13 to v11.5.14. There is an issue:
:forge:`98106`. And a patch that can be applied. Should be resolved with the next bug fix version.




TYPO3\\CMS\\Core\\Error\\Exception
==================================

.. code-block:: text

   PHP Warning: file_get_contents(.../public/fileadmin/<file>): failed to open stream: No such file or directory in .../public/typo3/sysext/core/Classes/Configuration/Loader/YamlFileLoader.php line 110


Reason
------

Missing file .../public/fileadmin/**<file>**


Solution
--------

Add the missing file.

PHP Warning: Array to string conversion in vendor/doctrine/dbal/lib/Doctrine/DBAL/Query/Expression/CompositeExpression.php line 174
==============================================================================================================================================

Reason
------

You add some :sql:`where` constraints through an array with :php:`where()` function and this function is waiting for :php:`string|CompositeExpression` as parameter.

..  code-block:: php

    $constraints = [];
    $constraints[] = $queryBuilder->expr()->eq('doktype', 100);
    $constraints[] = $queryBuilder->expr()->in('categories.uid_local', $categories);

    $result = $queryBuilder->select('pages.*')
        ->from('pages')
        ->where($constraints)
        ->execute()
        ->fetchAllAssociative();


Solution
--------
You have to use the unpacking ellipsis (:php:`...`) PHP token in order to add your constaints :

..  code-block:: php

    $result = $queryBuilder->select('pages.*')
        ->from('pages')
        ->where(...$constraints)
        ->execute()
        ->fetchAllAssociative();


PHP Warning: Division by zero in /var/www/html/public/typo3/sysext/recordlist/Classes/RecordList/DatabaseRecordList.php line 1884
==============================================================================================================================================

This error occurred when editing certain IRRE data and when displaying the detail list.

Reason
------

We add wrong TCA parameters :

::

    'maxDBListItems' => 0,
    'maxSingleDBListItems' => 0,

which generated an error in the following code (:php:`/ $this->iLimit`)

..  code-block:: php

    /**
     * @return string Navigation HTML
     */
    protected function renderListNavigation($renderPart = 'top')
    {
        $totalPages = ceil($this->totalItems / $this->iLimit);
        // Show page selector if not all records fit into one page
        if ($totalPages <= 1) {
            return '';
        }
        // ...
    }


Solution
--------

Check that you do not have a null value for the :php:`maxDBListItems` and :php:`maxSingleDBListItems` parameters.

TYPO3 12.4.19, 21.08.2024: PHP Warning: Undefined array key "renderType"
========================================================================

..  warning::
    PHP Warning: Undefined array key "renderType" in /var/www/html/vendor/typo3/cms-backend/Classes/Form/FormDataProvider/TcaSelectItems.php line 200

Reason
------

TCA :ref:`Select field <t3tca:columns-select>` where the render type was accidently overridden

Solution
--------

Fix TCA

PHP 8: PHP Warning: Undefined array key "foo"
=============================================

..  warning::
    PHP Warning: Undefined array key "foo" in /var/www/html/Bar.php line 200

Reason
------

The warning level for undefined array keys in PHP 8 is stronger than in PHP 7.


Solution
--------

Use the double question mark (null coalescing) operator to fix the PHP code.

before:

..  code-block:: php

    $value = $foo['bar']; 

after:

..  code-block:: php

    $value = ($foo['bar'] ?? false);


