.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1518472189
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

Path is not found (TYPO3 version 9.5)
=====================================

The error is shown if the requested page can't be found for one of the
following or further reasons:

-  Slugs are defined for pages but there is a fault in the definitions
   (i.e. trailing slash or the path is broken).
-  This may happen with a PersistedAliasMapper definition if the record
   you try to decode is stored **outside** of your site.
-  If there are several domains defined in a TYPO3-installation and a
   page includes a link to a page that is in another domain but still to
   another page inside the TYPO3-installation.
-  If there are several domains defined in a TYPO3-installation and one
   some configurations share the same rootPageId

Request parameters could not be validated
=========================================

Some parameters in your url should not be part of the cHash generation.
You must add them to the cacheHash excluded parameters list in the
Install Tool. E.g. it is the eID parameter for Ajax calls.

::

    $GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['FE']['cacheHash']['excludedParameters'] = ...,eID

How to fix cross-domain problems (TYPO3 version 9.5)?
=====================================================

-  Create a site-configuration for the rootpage of each domain in the
   TYPO3-installation respectively pagetree.

How to fix slug related problems (TYPO3 version 9.5)?
=====================================================

-  Fix the slugs starting with the root-page for each domain in the
   TYPO3-installation respectively pagetree. Each rootpage should be
   configured with the slug "/" only. Each page down in the hierarchy
   can be configured automatically or manually, but the path up must be
   correct. Trailing slashes in the path are not allowed.
-  If you use Apache-Webserver make sure that in the TYPO3-root is a
   ".htaccess"-file like this one:
   https://github.com/benjaminkott/bootstrap_package/blob/master/Configuration/Server/_.htaccess
-  If you use Nginx-Webserver make sure that web-access to the
   TYPO3-root is configured accordingly to the previous list-point.

How to fix issues regarding multiple site configurations with the same rootPageId (TYPO3 version 9.5)?
======================================================================================================

-  Remove the offending configuration or consolidate the configurations
   in one file
