.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1533822084
==========================

Error message
=============

The following exception may bubble up since TYPO3 v9 during login:

::

      #1533822084 TYPO3\CMS\Core\Crypto\PasswordHashing\InvalidPasswordHashException
      Configured default hash method TYPO3\CMS\Core\Crypto\PasswordHashing\Argon2iPasswordHash is not available. If the instance has just been upgraded, please log in to the standalone install tool at typo3/install.php to fix this. Follow the wiki link for more details.

Explanation
===========

If an instance has just been upgraded and if *argon2i* hash mechanism is
not available locally, the default backend will still try to upgrade a
given user password to *argon2i* if the install tool has not been
executed once.

Reasons
=======

This typically happens only if a system has just been upgraded and a
backend login is performed before the install tool has executed silent
upgarde wizards.

Solutions
=========

-  **Recommended**: Fix the server side: There is little reason to run
   PHP 7.2 without argon2i support. Install a PHP build that supports
   this.
-  Call the standalone install tool and log in once. This should detect
   that argon2i is not available and will configure a different default
   hash mechanism. A backend login should be possible afterwards.
-  If that won't do, you can change the hash mechanism in Admin Tools >
   Settings > Configuration Presets > Password hashing presets. This
   might be necessary if, e.g., you moved your system to a different
   server where argon2i isn't available. Create a new user that uses the
   working algorithm.
-  **If access to install tool is not possible**: This could happen when
   first installation was done on a system with argon2i and copied to a
   target system that doesn't support this encryption type

   -  open ``typo3conf/LocalConfiguration.php`` change password hashing
      for ``[FE][passwordHashing][className]`` and
      ``[BE][passwordHashing][className]`` e.g. to
      ``TYPO3\\CMS\\Core\\Crypto\\PasswordHashing\\BcryptPasswordHash``
      or any other supported types
   -  change
      ``$GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['BE']['installToolPassword']`` e.g.
      to
      ``'$2y$12$AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA'``)
      to be able to generate a new hash value.

More information
================

-  `Official password hashing documentation since TYPO3
   v9 <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/CoreApiReference/ApiOverview/PasswordHashing/Index.html>`__
-  `Issue explaining the deployment
   problem <https://forge.typo3.org/issues/86155>`__
