.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1533818591
==========================

.. note::
   If you encountered this exception, please help others by providing
   information about how you got this error. Especially if you have a solution,
   please add it to this page by following the :ref:`"Edit on GitHub" workflow
   <docs-contribute-github-method>`!

Error message
=============

The following exception may bubble up since TYPO3 v9 during login:

::

      #1533818591 TYPO3\CMS\Core\Crypto\PasswordHashing\InvalidPasswordHashException
      No implementation found that handles given hash. This happens if the stored hash uses a mechanism not supported by current server. Follow the wiki link to fix this issue.

Explanation
===========

A frontend user, a backend user or the install tool password hash is
stored using a mechanism not supported by the current server. The login
process can not compare the given password with the stored hash.

Reasons
=======

This typically happens if a TYPO3 upgrade is performed on a system that
supports the default hash mechanism *argon2i*, passwords in the database
and/or the install tool password is updated to use this hash, and the
system is then deployed to a system that does not support *argon2i*.

Solutions
=========

-  **Recommended**: Fix the server side: If the passwords are stored
   using *argon2i*, make the project hoster support PHP 7.2 with
   argon2i. Usually, the argon library is just not installed and PHP is
   compiled without argon2i support. There is little reason to have a
   PHP 7.2 build without argon support.

-  If this happens during backend login and the PHP 7.2 build can not be
   fixed to support argon2i: Log in to the standalone install tool at
   typo3/install.php and select a different hash mechanism in Settings >
   Configuration presets > Password hashing settings. Create a new
   backend admin user if needed and reset all backend user passwords
   that have been upgraded to *argon2i* in the database.

-  If this happens during login to the standalone install tool
   (typo3/install.php) and the PHP 7.2 can not be fixed to support
   argon2i:

   -  A)

      -  Enter a dummy hash into
         the »/typo3conf/LocalConfiguration.php« at the
         »installToolPassword« setting, to be able to generate a new
         hash value → see
         `typo3-exception-1518448686 <typo3-exception-1518448686>`__

   -  B)

      -  On any given local instance, where you can log into the
         Backend, open the Settings section and choose a password
         hashing mechanism that is likely to be available on the broken
         instance:
      -  Select the hash mechanism in Settings > Configuration presets >
         Password hashing settings.
      -  Preserve the current install tool password, then reset it using
         in Backend -> Setting -> Change install tool password to one
         you want to use on the broken instance.
      -  Open file typo3conf/LocalConfiguration.php, pick the
         "installToolPassword" entry and copy that hash into the
         according file on the system where the error is shown.
      -  Log into the formerly broken instance, it should work now.
      -  Clean up the local instance.

More information
================

-  `Official password hashing documentation since TYPO3
   v9 <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/CoreApiReference/ApiOverview/PasswordHashing/Index.html>`__
-  `Issue explaining the deployment
   problem <https://forge.typo3.org/issues/86155>`__ [not available
   anymore]
