.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1534710048
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

Exeption is thrown when click in Backend on Module "Sites"
==========================================================

This error happens after upgrading from TYPO3 8 or 9 or after importing
a database from an older TYPO3 instance. It happens on trying to create
a site configuration. The error is cause by Missing database tables

Solution:
---------

Go to :guilabel:`Admin Tools -> Maintenance -> Database Compare` and bring
the database schema up to date.


Exception is thrown when trying to edit records in BE
=====================================================

Error in TCA configuration
--------------------------

Might be caused by a TCA definition of a table other then pages using the
following:

.. code-block::

   'displayCond' => 'USER:'
      . \\TYPO3\CMS\Core\Compatibility\PseudoSiteTcaDisplayCondition::class .
      '->isInPseudoSite:pages:false'

is used for records. The pseudo site
check should only be used for pages. Remove or adopt display condition.
Problem occurred for example in tt_address >= 5.0.0, < 5.2.0 for field
slug.

The error may only occur if you edit specific records as a problem only
arises if a page(!) with the uid of the record(!) does not exist.

Extension news or tt_address needs updates
------------------------------------------

Some versions of the extensions news and tt_address can cause this error
on opening records like sys_category. Updating the extension to the most
recent version can help. I had the problem with TYPO3 LTS 9 and news
8.4.0

Actually, the error was fixed in this commit: https://github.com/georgringer/news/commit/20e9866807616fa1ca55a2c43a516a29705ffca9
This means that it was fixed for version 8.4.1 and above.
