.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
TYPO3 Exception 1540246570
==========================

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

TYPO3 13.4: No Content Object definition found [21.10.2024]
===========================================================

..  warning:: 
    No Content Object definition found at TypoScript object path "tt_content.text"

This error happens when you did not include the 
:ref:`Site set "Fluid Styled Content" <typo3/cms-fluid-styled-content:site-set-fluid-styled-content>`
but try to use a content element provided by this system extension.

Solution: Require the site set in your site configuration:
:ref:`Using a site set as dependency in a site <t3coreapi:site-sets-usage>` or depend on it from
your site packages site set: 
:ref:`Defining the site set with a fluid_styled_content dependency <t3coreapi:site-sets-example-site-package-set>`.


Is there a problem with the plugin ?
====================================

It happens when a content element of type plugin is created and then you forget to
choose the specific Plugin from the tab 'Plug-in'

--------------

Occures if you pass the wrong pluginType to
:php:`TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Utility\ExtensionUtility::configurePlugin(...)`.

TYPO3 12 - General Plugin: No Content Object definition found at TypoScript object path "tt_content.list.20
============================================================================================================

If your extension is a general plugin, check if it is properly installed (and activated for legacy installations)
and the required TypoScript included.
Otherwise proceed as follows.

:file:`tt_content.php` adds the plugin by

..  code-block:: php

    \TYPO3\CMS\Core\Utility\ExtensionManagementUtility::addPlugin()

However the tt_content TypoScript for the list type is not added if you look into the Active TypoScript
in the backend.
The extension TypoScript is like this:

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/Configuration/TypoScript/setup.typoscript

    plugin.tx_myextension {
        controller.action = EXTBASEPLUGIN
    }


Solution
--------

Always add the TypoScript for the `tt_content` list rendering.

:file:`ext_localconf.php`

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/Configuration/TypoScript/setup.typoscript

    tt_content.list.20 {
        tx_myextension_controllers_action = < plugin.tx_myextension.controller.action
    }


You have removed Typoscript by Conditon?
=========================================

For example you have used this:

::

     [globalVar = TSFE:id = {$noLoginPluginOnPids}]

     lib.login >

     [global]

This will lead to this Exception since TYPO3 LTS 9 if you use something
like the next line in your Fluid Template <f:cObject
typoscriptObjectPath="lib.login" />

Solution
--------

change typoscript to:

::

     [globalVar = TSFE:id = {$noLoginPluginOnPids}]

     lib.login =

     [global]

Exception is thrown in a fluid template using a view helper
===========================================================

Might be caused by a translation not found in Fluid:

.. code-block:: xml

       <f:translate key = "Button_Helpful" />

If translation key is not found in the default language file, this error
will be thrown.


Solution
--------

add a default text to the tag and also fix the language file.

The error does not occur when you use the Fluid lanuage tag with a path:

..  code-block:: xml

    <f:translate key = "LLL:EXT:yourExtension/Resources/Private/Language/locallang.xml:Button_Helpful" />

TYPO3 12/13 - General Plugin: No Content Object definition found at TypoScript object path "tt_content.list.20"
==============================================================================================================

This exception could happen because a plugin was registered before using the :php:`list` content element and the plugin subtype :php:`list_type` and is now registered as :php:`ExtensionUtility::PLUGIN_TYPE_CONTENT_ELEMENT`.

Have a look at https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/main/en-us/Changelog/13.4/Deprecation-105076-PluginContentElementAndPluginSubTypes.html

Either an Upgrade Wizard was not executed for those plugins or may be you need to create one.

If Upgrade Wizard creation is required, you can have a look in TYPO3 core for example, search Upgrade Wizard extending :php:`AbstractListTypeToCTypeUpdate`, like :php:`final class IndexedSearchCTypeMigration extends AbstractListTypeToCTypeUpdate`.

